 0786833882  Disney's Princess Music Box  With Five Books and a Necklace Inside! (Disney's Princess Backlist) ||	  Cute Set  My daughter enjoys this set. The small books are sturdy but the box is a bit weak. The stories represented are  Aladdin, Cinderalla, Beauty & the Beast, The Little Mermaid & Snow White. Be advised that if you little one is a major Sleeping Beauty fan like mine, that she is not included.The stories themselves are rather wordy, not the shorter versions you would expect from the small books. They are too long & detailed for my 3-year old, but I just shorten it to my own version as she looks at the pictures.Because they are slim and small, my daughter has enjoyed toting these around with her as they fit in many of her purses, etc. <end>  Great little Disney book collection  I love collecting Disney! This set of books in a musical box is one of several Disney created. When opened, this box plays "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star." The books are cute! <end>
 B00004TD6V  Power Beads ||	  Keep busy project for young girls  Although the box is bigger than needed and the sorting tray is on the cheap side.. the kit proved to be wonderful. The beads are nice quality and the instruction sheet includes an explanation of what the different colors represent. The string provided is elastic but the kit also includes clasps so that you don't need to stretch the bracelets when putting them on/off. My daughter and her friend made 5 bracelets each (including an ankle bracelet) and we STILL have beads left.I'm here to order another set so I'm ready for another rainy day. <end>  more power beads  The box may be big, but the beads are nice, far better than the plastic or tiny glass beads in most kits. I haven't been able to find anything similar. My daughter made bracelets nice enough for her (and me) to wear. She used every bead in the box, and went back to the craft many times. I was looking for a second box for Christmas and I am sorry - but not surprised - that it is sold out. <end>  horror in the past  My family detests this loaf of crap. my sister got this about four years ago and it drived us nuts! We would find beads all over our house and the bracletcs woulden't stay together. it was a nightmare. don't by your child or yourself this intoxicating junk! you stink natural sience ind ltd! your geneticly modified sience!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you ruind our lifes and our house! screw you! <end>
 B0000532P2  Apothecary Diabetic ID Necklace - 1 ea ||	  Way to small for a man  This is not meant to fit on a man, granted I'm a big guy but it won't even fit over my head. Go ahead and buy it if you're tiny <end>  I D necklace  I bought this to wear when i don't wear the bracelet. It is perfect to wear under a blouse or top. It is just the right length. <end>
 B00007FFMB  PalmBeach Jewelry 2-Carat Round Pink Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Solitaire Ring ||	  well worth the sale price  I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99, and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me. Although the band is brass, it is electroplated with 14K gold. At first I was worried about the ring being brass, but it still looks quite nice, and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender. Wonderful. Well worth the sale price! <end>  Pretty in Pink!  Love the pink color of this ring. Will be great to wear this spring and summer. Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company. I recommend them often. <end>  well worth the sale price  I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99, and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me. Although the band is brass, it is electroplated with 14K gold. At first I was worried about the ring being brass, but it still looks quite nice, and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender. Wonderful. Well worth the sale price! <end>  Pretty in Pink!  Love the pink color of this ring. Will be great to wear this spring and summer. Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company. I recommend them often. <end>  well worth the sale price  I purchased this ring for the sale price of 14.99, and it was well worth the pleasure it gives me. Although the band is brass, it is electroplated with 14K gold. At first I was worried about the ring being brass, but it still looks quite nice, and the brilliance of the pink-ice stone dashes any bias one may have about brass.The cubic zirconia stone is a hefty 1.5K. I was quite delighted to find that the stone has lovely deep facets that show hints of lavender. Wonderful. Well worth the sale price! <end>  Pretty in Pink!  Love the pink color of this ring. Will be great to wear this spring and summer. Palm Beach Jewelry is the best company. I recommend them often. <end>
 B00007FPQT  PalmBeach Jewelry 2.05 TCW Marquise-Cut Pink Cubic Zirconia 14k Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Lovely Pink Ice Ging  I wanted to get my daughter a pink ice ring for Christmas and I seen this one at Amazon. So of course I orded it and when I received the ring it was soo pretty that I knew she would love it. When she got it she was very pleased with it. <end>  it was a bad ring  the ring changed colors real fast it was gold at first then whent to a rose color and the stone was lose ya need to give me my money back for this item <end>  Beautiful Ring  My wife was very happy with this ring. It is bright and beautiful She wears it every chance she gets. <end>  14k Gold-Plated Marquise-CUT PINK ICE AND ROUND WHITE DIAMON ULTRA TM...  My grandson picked out this ring for me, because he knows I love pink,it's a good fit, very pretty and fun to wear. <end>  I really like this product  I really like this product, texture and size are very appropriate, and I hope next time to buy one as a gift for a friend&#65281; <end>  RIP OFF  The ring is fake. I haven't even had this for half a year, and the "gold" has faded on the sides. Oh, and it doesn't even look real. <end>  bling  Love this and its much bigger than the picture so was very thrilled with that did take a while to receive it though <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful ring considering the price. The only minor negative is that it is very lightweight and I expected, from seeing the picture, that it would be heavier. However, I still love it. <end>  Just loved it  I recently purchased this ring and waited to rate it since I wanted to see how it stood up to wear. I absolutely loved its beauty, and yes, it stood up nicely with less scruffing than I expected. I would recommend it. <end>  I love it  This is one of the most elegant rings I've seen and purchased in a long time I love it so well that I plan to purchase a couple of more as soon as I can. <end>  Looked Pretty  It looked pretty in the picture but when I received it it is very cheap looking. I am ashamed to wear it. I'm going to give it to my granddaughter to play with. <end>  palm beach jewelry  Great company. Replaced the ring after the stone fell out. Very happy! Luv the rings!! They even shipped them for free to me. <end>  Looked Pretty  It looked pretty in the picture but when I received it it is very cheap looking. I am ashamed to wear it. I'm going to give it to my granddaughter to play with. <end>  palm beach jewelry  Great company. Replaced the ring after the stone fell out. Very happy! Luv the rings!! They even shipped them for free to me. <end>  Lovely Pink Ice Ging  I wanted to get my daughter a pink ice ring for Christmas and I seen this one at Amazon. So of course I orded it and when I received the ring it was soo pretty that I knew she would love it. When she got it she was very pleased with it. <end>  it was a bad ring  the ring changed colors real fast it was gold at first then whent to a rose color and the stone was lose ya need to give me my money back for this item <end>  Beautiful Ring  My wife was very happy with this ring. It is bright and beautiful She wears it every chance she gets. <end>  14k Gold-Plated Marquise-CUT PINK ICE AND ROUND WHITE DIAMON ULTRA TM...  My grandson picked out this ring for me, because he knows I love pink,it's a good fit, very pretty and fun to wear. <end>  I really like this product  I really like this product, texture and size are very appropriate, and I hope next time to buy one as a gift for a friend&#65281; <end>  RIP OFF  The ring is fake. I haven't even had this for half a year, and the "gold" has faded on the sides. Oh, and it doesn't even look real. <end>  bling  Love this and its much bigger than the picture so was very thrilled with that did take a while to receive it though <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful ring considering the price. The only minor negative is that it is very lightweight and I expected, from seeing the picture, that it would be heavier. However, I still love it. <end>  Just loved it  I recently purchased this ring and waited to rate it since I wanted to see how it stood up to wear. I absolutely loved its beauty, and yes, it stood up nicely with less scruffing than I expected. I would recommend it. <end>  I love it  This is one of the most elegant rings I've seen and purchased in a long time I love it so well that I plan to purchase a couple of more as soon as I can. <end>
 B00007FQL3  Pearl Sterling Silver Ring ||	  its nice, but it falls short  its a nice ring, but the pearl keeps popping off, i had it glued back on but it doesn't stay and i've only had this ring for about 5 months, very disappointing <end>
 B00007GF2E  1.03 TCW Marquise-Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Engagement Anniversary Ring ||	  I might give it to a child  I was so excited about my ring purchase, until I received it. It looked even cheaper then I was afraid of, the stone was flat, and didnt even appear to be cz it looked like it came from a bubblegum machine. soooo disappointed. <end>
 B00007GFB7  4.69 TCW Oval Cut Purple Simulated Tanzanite Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Simply Beautiful!  This ring exceeded my expectations. It is absolutely beautiful and I have gotten many compliments when I wear it. I do wish that PalmBeach Jewelry would offer half sizes. <end>
 B00007GFHE  4.38 TCW Emerald-Cut Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Engagement Anniversary Ring ||	  Budget Bling!  WOW! This stunning show stopper gets me rave reviews, and NO ONE suspects it is not real! It is VERY convincing! It is sure to bring you loads of compliments. Be warned, it is not for the shy among us! <end>
 B00007GGMP  PalmBeach Jewelry Oval Cut Simulated Coral 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  IT IS A RED STONE!  When the ring arrived it was not all the nice salmon/peach coral color you see on the picture. It was bright red and I returned it immediately. <end>  A Gumball ring  The picture is not an accurate representation of this ring. The picture depicts a ring of soft, butter-y coral hue, when in actuality, it's a brash, carnival orange. It wasn't even worth my time to return it - so it will sit in my jewelry case as a reminder to be careful and ask questions! <end>  Nice ring for the price  Matched exactly my earrings what I had from before. Looks nice and not cheap. This store has a nice collection <end>
 B00007GHWL  PalmBeach Jewelry 3-Pc. Sm. Quartz Set ||	  Perfect!  I am very impressed with this 3-Pc. Smokey Quartz set. Pretty enough to give to my best friend. Not too small, and really beautiful. Just right. Thank you! <end>
 B00007GIPX  Pear Cut Simuluated Smoky Quartz Crystal Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  Far nicer than pic shows  Not shown in photo is a very beautiful romanesk setting that the stone sits on.One of the nicest pieces I've ever purchased under 10 dollars. <end>  Smokey Quartz Ring  I agree with the other poster..This is a gorgeous ring..I even put a little bleach on it, to see if it would discolor, and it didn't..A lovely piece..Palm Beach Jewelry is very nice.. <end>  large  larger than anticipated but very nice. Received lots of compliments. High quality for the money. <end>  It's a BIG ring...but beautiful  It is a very big ring that matches the earrings also sold on Amazon exactly. I got it in a size 6 and that is a little too big for my pinkie finger. I should have bought a size 5. It dwarfs my diamond rings and takes away from their beauty because it has its own beauty. I honestly would not know that it is a CZ ring unless I asked the owner. The CZ's surrounding the larger stone look fantastically real because they are the proper size for this ring and are not at all gaudy. Just be sure of your ring size before you buy the ring. <end>  Far nicer than pic shows  Not shown in photo is a very beautiful romanesk setting that the stone sits on.One of the nicest pieces I've ever purchased under 10 dollars. <end>  Smokey Quartz Ring  I agree with the other poster..This is a gorgeous ring..I even put a little bleach on it, to see if it would discolor, and it didn't..A lovely piece..Palm Beach Jewelry is very nice.. <end>  large  larger than anticipated but very nice. Received lots of compliments. High quality for the money. <end>  It's a BIG ring...but beautiful  It is a very big ring that matches the earrings also sold on Amazon exactly. I got it in a size 6 and that is a little too big for my pinkie finger. I should have bought a size 5. It dwarfs my diamond rings and takes away from their beauty because it has its own beauty. I honestly would not know that it is a CZ ring unless I asked the owner. The CZ's surrounding the larger stone look fantastically real because they are the proper size for this ring and are not at all gaudy. Just be sure of your ring size before you buy the ring. <end>  Far nicer than pic shows  Not shown in photo is a very beautiful romanesk setting that the stone sits on.One of the nicest pieces I've ever purchased under 10 dollars. <end>  Smokey Quartz Ring  I agree with the other poster..This is a gorgeous ring..I even put a little bleach on it, to see if it would discolor, and it didn't..A lovely piece..Palm Beach Jewelry is very nice.. <end>  large  larger than anticipated but very nice. Received lots of compliments. High quality for the money. <end>  It's a BIG ring...but beautiful  It is a very big ring that matches the earrings also sold on Amazon exactly. I got it in a size 6 and that is a little too big for my pinkie finger. I should have bought a size 5. It dwarfs my diamond rings and takes away from their beauty because it has its own beauty. I honestly would not know that it is a CZ ring unless I asked the owner. The CZ's surrounding the larger stone look fantastically real because they are the proper size for this ring and are not at all gaudy. Just be sure of your ring size before you buy the ring. <end>
 B00007GIQP  PalmBeach Jewelry Goldtone Metal Brown and White Crystal Pierced Earrings ||	  Pretty bling...  These are very pretty earrings that are exactly as shown. Not too big and not too small. I no longer wear studs because I cannot sleep in them, so I have not been able to wear these as I wished. The CZ's around the outside look real because they are just the right size for the earrings. The middle stone looks like it is realistic. No one would guess that they are all CZ's. <end>  it is vere nise item  i wesh make it more itemscos it is it is vere nise itemthanx <end>
 B00007GJAU  PalmBeach Jewelry 3/8 TCW Round Blue Genuine Sapphire Diamond Accent 10k Yellow Gold Band Ring ||	  not what was listed....  the order i placed stated the sapphire weight was 1.12 carats...BUT when i got it...i could barley tell there were stones on it...NOW it states it is only .28 carats...NOT WHAT I ORDERED!!! AND THE BAND IS THINNER THAN DENTAL FLOSS>>>>>SORRY SENDING ANOTHER RING BACK!!!! <end>  JUNK...  what a piece of junk,i bought this for my wife,i was embarassed to even let her see it,it was thinner that a human hair,the stones looked like they were painted on.the tag said made in taiwan,,,are you telling me we cant even make jewelry in this country anymore? what a joke.amazon should be ashamed of themselves just to be affiliated with this company..never ever ever ever buy jewelry online,you will be sorry.i would rather pay $500.00 for a well made american piece that i can hold in my hand at a jewelry store than to pay $129.00 for a piece of garbage that i thought i was getting a deal on.NEVER AGAIN.by the way i sent it back and got a refund <end>
 B00007GJCP  Ruby 10k Gold Ring with Diamond Accents ||	  picture makes it look great  Don't go by the picture. There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side, its just silver. I wasn't looking for real diamonds in a $40.00 ring, but some sort of stone would be nice. <end>  picture makes it look great  Don't go by the picture. There is a chip of a diamond in the center stone and where it looks like diamonds on the side, its just silver. I wasn't looking for real diamonds in a $40.00 ring, but some sort of stone would be nice. <end>
 B00007GJLE  PalmBeach Jewelry Pear-Shaped Genuine Onyx 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Drop Earrings ||	  Watch the quality!  The earrings were not quite as pictured. One stone was turned beveled side out instead of flat side out. If they had been set correctly, they would have been lovely. But Palm Beach Jewelry was great and made the return painless. <end>
 B00007GJTC  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Simulated Pearl Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring. The design is beautiful and no one can tell that it's not gold. The stone, however is a little on the large size and kind of detracts from the setting. If the stone had been smaller the ring would have been perfect. <end>  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring. The design is beautiful and no one can tell that it's not gold. The stone, however is a little on the large size and kind of detracts from the setting. If the stone had been smaller the ring would have been perfect. <end>
 B00007GJU3  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Simulated Pearl Cubic Zirconia Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Ring ||	  Lovely Ring  This is a lovely ring. The design is beautiful and no one can tell that it's not gold. The stone, however is a little on the large size and kind of detracts from the setting. If the stone had been smaller the ring would have been perfect. <end>
 B00007GJXV  PalmBeach Jewelry 1.54 TCW Princess-Cut Cubic Zirconia Sterling Silver Ring ||	  A Really Nice, Unique Ring,  When my mother's wedding ring started to break, I decided not to wear it for everyday use, and so I looked around for something that looked good, but that wouldn't cause me a moment's worry if it became lost or broken, or, Heaven forbid, stolen.I tried a few different rings before settling on this one. It doesn't have any bits that stand up, so when my daughter and I have tickling fights, she doesn't get scratched, (and for that matter neither do I), and I can wear it while cooking or cleaning without a problem. The design is gorgeous and I've gotten a lot of complements about it since I started wearing it. I like it so much that I've promised myself someday I'll have a real ring made that looks like it.I've had it about a year now - the stones are still tight in their settings, and it's survived all kinds of evil treatment because I don't ever take off my wedding ring. I don't think I could have done better for twice the money. <end>
 B00007GL4I  Cameo-Style Ring ||	  Pretty but cheap  The ring looks great!It's light and has smooth corners.Unfortunately, it falls apart easily. If you knock the stone top once against a chair, the cameo top and the bottom will become unglued.Because it is cheaply put together, don't expect to keep this ring together for long. Mine fell apart the first night I wore it.But, for the time you will wear it, it will look very nice. <end>  Pretty but cheap  The ring looks great!It's light and has smooth corners.Unfortunately, it falls apart easily. If you knock the stone top once against a chair, the cameo top and the bottom will become unglued.Because it is cheaply put together, don't expect to keep this ring together for long. Mine fell apart the first night I wore it.But, for the time you will wear it, it will look very nice. <end>
 B00007GNHD  PalmBeach Jewelry Marquise-Shaped Genuine Tiger&apos;s-Eye 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring!  This is a beautiful ring that is of excellent quality. The only reason I did not give it a complete 5 stars is because I prefer very dark tiger's eye and this stone is very light. However, because the overall quality of the ring is so phenomenal, I am keeping it. It should be noted that the ring sits on the finger at a slant, not upright as in the picture. That is not a problem in appearance, just trying to help with a description. I actually prefer the slanted look for this ring. <end>  very pretty  i like this ring. the super polish on it makes the tiger eye really stand out and move around. because of the design of the setting, this ring does sit a little sideways on your finger. i happen to like the look. it's different. very good value. <end>  Loving this ring  I'm so happy with this ring! The actual ring looks just like the image, except the stone is lighter than I expected it would be, but not a problem. It is still very beautiful. I love the setting; it sits on the finger at slight angle and I love the way it looks. The ring ran a bit on the small side for me, so you may want to consider that fact if you decide to purchase this ring. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  This is a beautiful ring that is of excellent quality. The only reason I did not give it a complete 5 stars is because I prefer very dark tiger's eye and this stone is very light. However, because the overall quality of the ring is so phenomenal, I am keeping it. It should be noted that the ring sits on the finger at a slant, not upright as in the picture. That is not a problem in appearance, just trying to help with a description. I actually prefer the slanted look for this ring. <end>  very pretty  i like this ring. the super polish on it makes the tiger eye really stand out and move around. because of the design of the setting, this ring does sit a little sideways on your finger. i happen to like the look. it's different. very good value. <end>  Loving this ring  I'm so happy with this ring! The actual ring looks just like the image, except the stone is lighter than I expected it would be, but not a problem. It is still very beautiful. I love the setting; it sits on the finger at slight angle and I love the way it looks. The ring ran a bit on the small side for me, so you may want to consider that fact if you decide to purchase this ring. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  This is a beautiful ring that is of excellent quality. The only reason I did not give it a complete 5 stars is because I prefer very dark tiger's eye and this stone is very light. However, because the overall quality of the ring is so phenomenal, I am keeping it. It should be noted that the ring sits on the finger at a slant, not upright as in the picture. That is not a problem in appearance, just trying to help with a description. I actually prefer the slanted look for this ring. <end>  very pretty  i like this ring. the super polish on it makes the tiger eye really stand out and move around. because of the design of the setting, this ring does sit a little sideways on your finger. i happen to like the look. it's different. very good value. <end>  Loving this ring  I'm so happy with this ring! The actual ring looks just like the image, except the stone is lighter than I expected it would be, but not a problem. It is still very beautiful. I love the setting; it sits on the finger at slight angle and I love the way it looks. The ring ran a bit on the small side for me, so you may want to consider that fact if you decide to purchase this ring. <end>
 B00007JKW0  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Crystal Pav Silvertone Metal Flower Pin ||	  thank your for everything  Thank you for the brooch, it arrived on time for me to wear at the wedding, I thank you so much for your fast service and for the fact that the package was well assembled.God bless you. <end>
 B00007LWT0  PalmBeach Jewelry Goldtone Metal 15&quot; Bib Necklace and Earrings Set ||	  beautiful set  I bought this set for New Year Eve Party. The necklace and the earrings are the same like in the picture. They are very nice and don't look cheap.I will wear them with a black and gold dress. It looks great. The package come fast, before the estimated delivery time. With my purchase I received a free gift, a nice bracelet which it matches with the set. I was sooo happy! They sent me the missing piece of my outfit )Very happy with the purchase! Thank you, Palm Beach and Amazon. I'm sure I'm gonna buy more items from you! <end>
 B00007M9PW  Amazon.com  OshKosh Lip Gloss Jelly Necklace  Clothing ||	  Great  I don't actually know how to say a lip gloss is great, but this one was. it added shine and gloss and it was extremely smooth. <end>
 B000085Q0X  12.86-Carat Oval-Cut Purple Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Cocktail Ring ||	  Beautiful bezzle, disappointing stone.  Ring arrived in a beautifully gift wrapped chiffon wrap with a matching silk rope. The band is gorgeous, the gold plate is true color, smooth, and the bezel is intricate. The cubic is disappointing, not a true amethyst color, it is darker, more berry, and has little lift above the bezel. Cubic has little fire, mostly flat at all angles despite the cut. <end>
 B000085Q10  12.86-Carat Oval-Cut Purple Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Cocktail Ring ||	  Beautiful bezzle, disappointing stone.  Ring arrived in a beautifully gift wrapped chiffon wrap with a matching silk rope. The band is gorgeous, the gold plate is true color, smooth, and the bezel is intricate. The cubic is disappointing, not a true amethyst color, it is darker, more berry, and has little lift above the bezel. Cubic has little fire, mostly flat at all angles despite the cut. <end>  Beautiful bezzle, disappointing stone.  Ring arrived in a beautifully gift wrapped chiffon wrap with a matching silk rope. The band is gorgeous, the gold plate is true color, smooth, and the bezel is intricate. The cubic is disappointing, not a true amethyst color, it is darker, more berry, and has little lift above the bezel. Cubic has little fire, mostly flat at all angles despite the cut. <end>  Beautiful bezzle, disappointing stone.  Ring arrived in a beautifully gift wrapped chiffon wrap with a matching silk rope. The band is gorgeous, the gold plate is true color, smooth, and the bezel is intricate. The cubic is disappointing, not a true amethyst color, it is darker, more berry, and has little lift above the bezel. Cubic has little fire, mostly flat at all angles despite the cut. <end>  Beautiful bezzle, disappointing stone.  Ring arrived in a beautifully gift wrapped chiffon wrap with a matching silk rope. The band is gorgeous, the gold plate is true color, smooth, and the bezel is intricate. The cubic is disappointing, not a true amethyst color, it is darker, more berry, and has little lift above the bezel. Cubic has little fire, mostly flat at all angles despite the cut. <end>
 B000085QJV  Men's Mother-Of-Pearl Racer's Ring Size 11 ||	  Completely Satisfied  Was a little relunctant to shop over the internet as this was new to us but decided to place the order anyway.We received the merchandise in a very timely manner and are completely satisfied with the ring. We would not hesitate to do business with this company again. <end>
 B000090L3A  Del Gatto Young Woman Cornelian Cameo Pendant / Pin ||	  Beautiful!  I bought this for my wife. She loves it. It is a necklace charm that can also be used as a broach. It was a winner with her. <end>
 B000090NMP  Amazon.com  Zoppini German Flag Link  Clothing ||	  Zoppini charm  Great quality...delivered in a timely fashion all the way from Italy. The jewelry pouch was a nice presentation. <end>
 B000090NNX  Amazon.com  Zoppini Leo Link  Clothing ||	  Top Quality Link  The Zoppini Link was a top quality charm from a store in Italy. These are not imitation link charms, but the real thing. Shipping took longer than from a U.S.A. site and had to be paid by the customer. However, the wait was worth the time. The total cost was not more than is charged at a specialty shop that sells these charms. The on-line store had a large selection from which to choose. <end>
 B00009MEZF  Emerald-Cut Green Glass Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens Inspired Triple-Stone Ring ||	  Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens-Inspired Ring  Love it! This ring is really pretty and I get a lot of complements on it. You will really like it too! <end>  Sterling Silver Mount St. Helens-Inspired Ring  Love it! This ring is really pretty and I get a lot of complements on it. You will really like it too! <end>
 B00009PT75  8mm Figaro Bracelet - 8.5 inches - 22.4 grams ||	  great online buying experience  I was questionable about ordering jewelry online but since they have a 30 day return policy I decided to try it and I got a great deal on a beautiful bracelet. <end>
 B00009W1UK  PalmBeach Jewelry Flower Epoxy Pin ||	  Perfect.  I bought this to wear on a black dress with other white accessories - it works great. Very pretty, very chic. <end>
 B00009XOAO  14k Yellow Gold-Plated Etched Heart-Shape Photo Locket Toggle Charm Bracelet 8&quot; ||	  no good  This bracelet was so pretty for one day. The second time I wore it, it started to turn colors, had to take it off, becaue it looked terrible. <end>  Horrible  do not buy, horrible product. I bought this for my sister and her whole wrist turned black in two days. Item was thrown in the garbage. Do not buy. Warning <end>
 B00009XXJV  Pendant Cross - 14 Karat White Gold (22.5x16 Millimeters In Size.) ||	  Don't waste your money  I bought this for gift, but when I recieve it, I was very disapointed. The pendant looks so cheap and very very thin. No one believe that it is made by 14k white gold and worth for over $100. So Don't ever buy it. Not worth it. <end>
 B00009XZ8E  Someone Special Heart Bracelet W/Rolo Chain - 14 Karat Gold (18.5 X 15.5 Millimeters In Size.) ||	  So much nicer than picture  I bought this gorgeous bracelet for my daughter. The picture doesn't even come close to doing it justice. It's truly gorgeous! The chain, while delicate, is strong as is the clap. The charm is much nicer looking than in the picture.I think this purchase was money well spent. <end>
 B0000ABDN8  Round CZ Band size 7 ||	  gold?  is this ring gold? if yes, 14k or 18k? <end>
 B0000ABDNI  Round CZ Band size 7.5 ||	  gold?  is this ring gold? if yes, 14k or 18k? <end>
 B0000ABDZ0  Mother's Heart and Child Ring size 4.5 ||	  sad  would still love to have this ring at the time i did not have the money to order it is there any chance i could still get it at a later date or from some other web site? hopefully you can help me get this ring. thank you <end>
 B0000ABDZ4  Mother's Heart and Child Ring size 7.5 ||	  sad  would still love to have this ring at the time i did not have the money to order it is there any chance i could still get it at a later date or from some other web site? hopefully you can help me get this ring. thank you <end>
 B0000ABDZ5  Mother's Heart and Child Ring size 6 ||	  sad  would still love to have this ring at the time i did not have the money to order it is there any chance i could still get it at a later date or from some other web site? hopefully you can help me get this ring. thank you <end>
 B0000AHO36  Chatham Emerald & Diamond Ring - 14 Karat Yellow Gold (Total Diamond Weight = 0.18) (Ladies - Ring Size 6) ||	  What about the emerald?  You tell about the box, the gold, the company. What about the emerald? <end>
 B0000AHWD7  Antica Murrina "Giorgia" Murano Glass Necklace ||	  Beautiful Italian Glass  I received this product the other day. Although it took some time to be delivered(it came from Italy), the glass necklace was gorgeous. <end>
 B0000AKOZC  14k Yellow and White Gold Diamond-cut Chandelier Post Earrings ||	  Too flimsy - more like toy store jewelry  I thought these looked very nice in the online photo. Light is nice in a hanging earring but these just aren't substantial enough; you can tell they are stamped, and they look more like they come from a toy store for playing dress-up. <end>  Love these earrings!  They're trendy and feminine... and the exact earrings are selling for 50% more elsewhere. I'm very happy with them! <end>  Love these earrings!  I just received these earrings in the mail. What a nice surprise! They are beautiful and certainly well priced. And they arrived right on time and so beautifully packaged. They would also make a wonderful gift that would look like you spend much more than you did. <end>  Diamond-cut Chandelier Post Earrings  The earrings are just beautiful. The offer a very dainty, delicate feel to them giving you just an equal a charm. <end>
 B0000AOX1L  Sterling Silver and 14k Yellow Gold 3-Piece Swirled Necklace, 16" ||	  Great necklace!!  This is a gorgeous necklace! The simple styling make it appropriate for both casual and dressy attire. You can adjust the length of the necklace with the excess chain. Take a look at the matching earrings, it's a great set. <end>
 B0000AOX22  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  topaz bracelet  I had bought the matching necklace and was very happy. The bracelet was more beautiful than i thought it would be. I wore it last week on a cruise i went on with my husband for our 25th anniversary. I got so many complements on it too. I bought a lot of other jewelry to match my gowns from you also. Thanx <end>
 B0000AOX29  Sterling Silver, Amethyst and Iolite Earrings ||	  Sweet!  These silver, amethyst and iolite earrings (I got another pair of the same earrings in different combination of stones -- yellow-green peridot and pale blue topaz) are really well-made, strong, delicate, pretty, classy and work well with everything except fancy eveningwear. Though they are earwire earrings, because of the nice weight and balance, I don't worry about losing them. Yet I don't even feel them when I have them on. They make me want to tie my hair back so everyone can see them. They're a great buy, too! <end>
 B0000AOX2T  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Dangle Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings-I Love them  These earrings are so pretty. I also bought the matching, bracelet and necklace. Nice quality and heavy wires. Not flimsy like some silver wires. Nice size too. Very elegant looking. <end>
 B0000AOX2Z  Sterling Silver Oval Link Bracelet, 7.25" ||	  chic bracelet  I got this bracelet on my 13th birthday. It's really cool because it's adjustable so it fit my wrist perfectly and it was made even more special  my initials were engraved in gold on the middle two ovals. I feel like a princess when I wear it. Thanks Mom and Dad! <end>
 B0000AOX3D  Sterling Silver, Amethyst and Black Onyx Cross Pendant, 18" ||	  What I Was Looking For  I was looking for the perfect cross to wear as a necklace. I also wanted one with my birthstone in the middle. It was a reasonable price and I loved the look of the black accented by the silver. I did not like the the chain that came with the cross, but I could buy another one cheap enough elsewhere. This was a great item. <end>
 B0000AOXEK  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Bracelet w/ Diamond (.04ctw), 7" ||	  great!  what can i say great company fast fantastic will make my mother cry for sure thank you so much! <end>
 B0000AOXGO  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.5-6.0mm Necklace, 17" ||	  Great Price Exceptional Quality  I am a tin cup fanatic, my last tin cup necklace broke after years of wear. My husband and I decided to shop around for a new one. After doing research on price and quality both in store and Internet, I decided on this one. As you know Internet jewelry purchases can sometimes be a surprise, so believe me some apprehension was there.I am not one to leave feedback or comments on items, as I just don't have the time. However, on this necklace I had to. What a pleasant surprise, this necklace is absolutely beautiful. With fifteen pearls spaced out evenly on a good quality sturdy, but dainty, 14k gold link chain you can't go wrong. The pearls have great luster and sized at 6.0 ideal for everyday wear, and the price just steals the show at $60.00 plus free shipping.I am a very satisfied customer and this is one of my best purchase to date. <end>
 B0000AOXGZ  Akoya Cultured Pearl 5.5-6.0mm Earrings ||	  Great deal and easy shopping  I was a little nervous ordering jewelry over the Internet, but then again I hate going into a jewelry store too. I tend to be very much of a comparison shopper, but jewelry makes it hard to do that, there are too many choices, settings, etc. Amazon is starting to fix that, now I can go online and at least feel somewhat comfortable that I priced around.I'm happy with the quality, size, setting, etc with these earrings. It goes well with the pearl necklace I got for my wife a couple of years ago. My wife is happy, so I'm happy... <end>
 B0000AOXKT  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.0-7.5mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.05ctw) on 14k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  small but exquisite  Recently I got into a passion for pearls and purchased several sets of pearl jewlery from Amazon. I like them all but somehow this one tends to be what I pick up in the morning.... The pearl is small and the chain kinda fragile, but this gives it a very dainty and exquisite look. It's great with any outfit. The small bit of diamond is actually nice. There are cheaper ones without the diamond, but with the small and round pearl I think it actually looks nicer with the diamond (I'm not sure, for example, with the rice pearl droplet where the chain is thicker too).I may have liked it even more with a sterling silver chain. <end>  great buy  This is a great buy. It is small and very dainty looking.It is a piece of jewlery you can wear with anything..The 18"chain is a very nice length . <end>  pearl droplet pendant  I loved the way it looked and I would consider purchasing it. Do you know if it can be shipped to Australia and what would be the cost in Australian dollars.RegardsSandy Thompson <end>
 B0000AOXKX  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 3.0-7.5mm Necklace, 18" ||	  Misleading advertising  The hype for this product is grossly overexaggerated. The string of pears do not hang smoothly, the box is a disgrace to use as a gift,the packing to show off a necklace supposedly worth $160. As well as misrepresenting the credit card application, to be applied to the price. That is a joke!! Card seems to be approved for future purchases. I THINK NOT!! I am unable to speak with an agent, because no agent is available. WHY DO YOU NOT HAVE PHONE AGENTS available. <end>  Disappointed  We purchased this item for our daughter, mainly because of a glowing review about the presentation box and the exceptional quality of the pearls. When the necklace arrived, we felt it looked like something from a "dime store" and was in a plain box, not a hinged box as the ad seems to convey. We're returning the item for a refund. <end>  very nice product and an attractive price  these pearls are nicely strung and very uniform in size and color - my wife is looking forward to wearing them many times in the coming years - they were nicely packaged in a velvet box (which impressed her even before she opened it)! <end>  The pearls are too small  This necklace is truly a $35 value. The description is correct, but be aware that there are a lot of 3.0 mm pearls in the strand. I was disappointed to receive the pearls that small. It could never be sold at the list price of $160. I returned it. <end>  OK for the price but not worth any more  The pearls themselves seem to be of decent quality but the strand seems too short, its like a choker and the pearls do not lay straight. Worth the $35 but not a huge bargain for a higher quality piece. <end>  Save your money.  I don't know how anyone could give this necklace a good review.."Dime store" is not even the word for how cheap looking these are.Can't even get them to hang straight because the string is too tight.The "delicate clasp" is more like the stuff you get out a gumball machine. <end>  Super Value, she was very happy  I was very pleasantly surprised when this and a pair of diamond studs I ordered arrived. Great presentation boxes, and a super looking string of pearls. For less than $100 it looks like a great deal to me. The winning line,&quot;You spent way too much!&quot;, made it worth it. I don't know much about jewelry, but this was more than I expected. I'm very happy with these pearls and so is she <end>  Fabulous pearls - very giftable!  These arrived yesterday afternoon -- the pearls are clean, smooth, glowing! Nacre seems thick. I bought the necklace as a gift, and am thrilled that she'll be able to hand this down as an heirloom (it's that good). The graduated pearls are flawlessly matched in both ascending size and color, giving the necklace the appearance of costing many hundreds of dollars. Packaging is also very impressive. The velvet box is large and classy. In fact, the entire purchase is possibly the best ever on Amazon, and I've been a customer for years.Do you love pearls in classic, vintage looking styles? Is she an Ivory Soap gal with simple, natural beauty? Or an old movie fan? Grab at least one of these. Add a small pair of pearl stud earrings, and you'll have a birthday or Mother's Day gift that she'll remember (and cherish) for a lifetime. I know I'm buying more! With minimum AA quality at this price, I'd be crazy not to! [note  IF you can find a good graduated strand, they normally retail at high end department stores for $300+] <end>  I do not know who to believe!  This necklace seems to have two personalities. Reviewers on one hand showered praise on it, and on the other disparaged it. Well, I gave it a try, and, sorry to say, I did not like it. Perhaps the quality of the newer ones are not up to par, because it seems the older reviews are better. In my case, I agree with one of the recent reviewer that the necklace is too tight that is why it does not straighten up. Also, a majority of the pearls are too small closer to the 3.0 size than the 7.5mm size. However, the pearls themselves seem to have a nicer quality. I returned mine. <end>  What a surprise!  I just received these pearls in the mail yesterday as a birthday surprise ordered by my parents in Germany.They are great! Wonderful presentation in the velvet box. Heavy pearls, very uniform and beautiful sheen. I love that they are not perfectly uniform ... makes it a much more casual look and I am already wearing them today with Jeans and a black top.Love it. Thanks Mama und Papa ... and Amazon <end>  Pearls  Smaller than I thoughtbunched together,bought for the wife but they were so cheezy decided to give them to my daughter instead and then went and bought the wife a set of pearls that actually looked nice, <end>  Waste of money  Such a waste of money. Small pearls and unattractive. Over exaggerated description. You can tell from the appearance that this thing does not worth more than $40 buck <end>  Very Nice - Wish I had a set for me too!  I have a dear friend that has always loved my akoya graduated pearl strand, but as dear as my friend is, I could not afford the akoya version of the graduated pearls for her. So, I looked at costume jewelry for the graduated look, and found that Monet has a fake version for about $60 retail, and I came down to choosing between these and the Monet version. After reading some of the other reviews, I was hesitant to purchase these pearls. (As one reviewer put it, these pearls seem to have a split personality.) I felt that for the price of these compared to the price of the Monet fake version, I should at least try these pearls and return them if I am not satisfied. I must say that I was VERY surprised at how beautiful these pearls were once I got them. I compared them to the akoya version that I have, and they held their own! To the reviewer that said that it had too many small pearls, all I can tell you is that this strand matched my akoya strand pearl size for pearl size the whole length of the necklace. I also went back and compared them to the fake strand and they made the fake strand look even more visibly fake. These pearls hung beautifully, and had a wonderful sheen to them. They came in a black velvet pouch which was similiar to the one that my akoyas are stored in. But the real test came when I gave them to my friend, and she thought that I spent a fortune on them because they were a real pearl strand and not fake strand. For the price that I spent on them, I am now kicking myself for not purchasing a set for me, my daughter, my mom, my sister-in-law, my neice, all my other girlfriends, and...well you get the point! But I feel that they are well worth the price asked of them. <end>  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 3.0-7.5mm Necklace, 18"  Very pretty necklace and a great deal. I purchased this as a Christmas present but now I want one for myself! The clasp adds an elegant touch. Very feminine and a little retro. I'm not an expert on jewelry but the pearls seem to be in very good condition. I think the size of the pearls and the length of the necklace are just right. I recommend this to anyone looking for an elegant and understated piece of jewelry at an excellent price. <end>  Beautiful necklace at an incredible price!!!  I have to disagree with the negative reviews I've seen on these. These are really beautiful, especially for the price. They're FRESHWATER pearls! As long as you buy them with the expectation that they're not super-expensive, you'll love them. I got mine last week and absolutely cherish them!Pearls are always too tight at first. They loosen up & have more give over time. Kind of like a good pair of shoes - you have to break them in.The clasp is tough to manage, yes, but you know they'll never fall off.I bought 3 of these (one for me and 2 for gifts for my mom & mother-in-law). I know they'll love 'em! I've received lots of compliments on mine already! <end>  Very disappointing pearl necklace  Extremely poor quality. I cannot recommend. <end>
 B0000AOXKY  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.5-6.0mm Bracelet, 7" ||	  A poor piece of Jewlery  The knots are uneven - and the string is very stiff. The bracelet does not hang evenly and does not look good at all. Perhaps I expected too much for a n inexpensive necklace, but I would have been better off buying fake pearls for the same price and would have gotten a bracelet that looks 10 times better. <end>  Too short, too stiff, nice pearls  I bought this bracelet for $50, and now it's a lot less, hmmm... I like the pearls, but the bracelet is very short and stiff, maybe too tightly knotted, so that I can not put it on myself. The fact that the clasp is kind of awkward doesn't help. I can not recommend this item and I would not buy it again. <end>
 B0000AOXL6  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.5-7.0mm 14k Yellow Gold Necklace, 16" ||	  Looks great but watch the quality!  This is a great set of pearls for the price but check over the quality! I went to put them on my girlfriends neck as a surprise and the string broke!!!! Luckily only one pearl fell off but it could have been much worse. Amazon was quick to send out another necklace though, so it was corrected right away. The new set is fine so it may have just been a fluke. <end>
 B0000AOXL7  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.5-7.0mm 14k Yellow Gold Necklace, 18" ||	  so nice  My wife really loves these. I wanted some that were slightly longer. But I've heard no complaints. <end>
 B0000AOXLG  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.5-8.0mm Necklace, 16" ||	  Beautiful High-Quality Pearl Strand  I ordered this 16" freshwater pearl necklace and the matching 7" bracelet a week before one of my best friend's wedding. They arrived in beautiful boxes the day before.Don't be put-off by "semi-round" or "lightly-blemished" - my untrained eye didn't notice any blemishes or irregularly shaped pearls. The pearls shine, look flawless and are round. The strands are well-knotted between each pearl, and I feel confident that the strands will last for years to come. <end>  Crooked  The quality of the pearls looked fine. However, the stringing was not good and the pearls would not lay flat. <end>
 B0000AOXLN  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.0-7.5mm Earrings ||	  Pretty, not great  The pearls were a bit dull, a little uneven in size but nice for the price. <end>  Pearls for the Pearls  These Pearls are beautiful. Great size, great quality..... I am sorry I didn't purchase another pair! <end>
 B0000AOXLV  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 5.0-5.5mm Pendant, 18" ||	  Great necklace.  Very simple and elegant. The box is also very nice. Only drawback is the chain is extremely delicate. <end>  Very nice.  Very pleased with my purchase. The chain and clasp are very delicate and somewhat small, but compliment the pearl nicely. <end>  Looks could be deceiving  Picture looks nice but real thing is very far away from that. I highly do not recommend anyone buying this product. <end>  great  I was very please with this product. It was the perfect accent peice for my daughters wedding dress. The delivery was super fast great doing business with them Cheryl Nelson <end>  chain problem  very nice piece of jewelry though the chain is knotted and i cant remove the knot without damaging the chain. <end>  knotted chain  The necklace arrived with a knot in the chain which is very tight. I cannot open the knot without damaging the chain. I am very disappointed. This was my first order on Amazon. <end>  beautiful none the less.  it was i tiny pearl but it was a really nice tiny pearl... she liked it... <end>
 B0000AOXLY  14k White Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl 6.0-6.5mm Pendant, 18" ||	  Delicate but Classy  I purchased this simple necklace to wear in my wedding, and it was a great purchase.It is small, and the chain is quite delicate, but it is lovely and certainly worth the price. <end>  Excellent Piece, Well Worth It  We purchased and then returned this item in favor of the same-sized pearl (6.0 - 6.5mm) on a yellow gold chain purely out of the preference of the person we were giving it to, who is a blonde.We were also a little afraid, knowing white gold from our engagement ring, that the coating would rub off and, of course, it would be the lower-grade rhodium plating (almost certain), and eventually rub off. This sounded like a pain.So in the end, we stuck with the "traditional" yellow gold and it is lovely. This is a lovely piece too, well worth the 5 stars for the price. <end>
 B0000AOXMF  Freshwater Cultured Pearl 7.0-7.5mm Pendant w/Diamond (.05ctw), 18" ||	  Very nice piece of jewelry  I like to wear this almost every day and it goes well with the pearl earrings and diamonds that is also offered in Amazon's store. Makes a nice set. However, the chain was much thinner than I expected, which worries me when my 1 year old grabs a hold of it. <end>  miss magnolia  ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! IT WILL MAKE A WONDERFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENT OR MOTHER'S DAY PRESENT FOR THE ONE YOU LOVE. <end>  Very pretty.  The chain could be a little thicker, but the pearl is very nice and the diamond is a good size. <end>
 B0000APUD5  Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl 6.0-6.5mm Necklace, 18" ||	  Beautiful Pearls  Initially, I was wary of ordering a necklace with no explicit indication of the quality of the pearls (AA, AAA, etc). I was pleasantly surprised when I compared this necklace to a AAA-rated necklace ordered from another merchant. The pearl luster is wonderful, the matching excellent, and the regularity and lack of blemishes refreshing.The necklace arrived in a very nice blue necklace case suitable to gifting or storing the necklace. <end>
 B0000APUDQ  Akoya Cultured Pearl 6mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.03 ct) on 14k Yellow Gold Chain, 18" ||	  Akoya Cultured Pearl 6mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.03 ct) on 14k Yellow Gold Chain, 18"  Very Happy with the product and service, Thanks Amazon <end>
 B0000APUDT  Sterling Silver Freshwater Cultured Pearl & Square Coin Pearl Necklace, 17" ||	  Lovely and Different  I was drawn to this necklace because the square &quot;coin&quot; pearls are quite unique -- not the same old, boring, everyday pearls. In person, the necklace looks better than in the photo because you can seen the nice sheen of the pearls and silver. I liked the lenght because I can wear the necklace inside a collared shirt and it will show in the front. At first, I thought I might have a problem getting the square pearls to lie flat against my neck, but I didn't. <end>  Very Satisfied  I am very satisfied with this necklace because it is stylish, the shape and quality of the pearls are good. I hope that your supplier will soon have a bracelet and earrings to go with it. <end>
 B0000APUE9  Black Tahitian Cultured Pearl 8.0-9.0 mm Pendant w/ Diamond (.07 cttw), 18" ||	  you get what you pay for  When I got this item, the clasp on the pearl seemed like it was going to open and the pearl fall off. the chain seemed very flimsy. It took my about 10 minutes just to untagle the chain. The pearl itself was nice and that is why i gave it 2 stars not 1. I returned it cuz it wasnt worth it. <end>
 B0000AS4OP  14k Yellow Gold 2.25mm Diamond-Cut Milano Rope Anklet, 9" ||	  Great Ankle Bracelet!  What a great piece of jewelry! This is my first ankle bracelet, and I'm so happy with this purchase. I looked in a few department stores, but the quality was not so good. Then I turned to the internet, and found this one. The weight of the gold and the style were what I was looking for, and with two reviews (both 5 stars), I took a chance. The day I got it, I put it on and won't remove it until summer is over. It is very well made, and looks great! <end>  rope anklet  very pleased with this bracelet. It is strong and you can wear it everyday, yet it is very attractive with it's diamond cutting. This is not a flimsy bracelet at all, but is very solid and I highly recommend it. <end>  Simple and Stunning  This is a great anklet! It's strong enough that I can keep it on around the clock. It's simple and pretty enough that I want to. <end>  simply elegant  this anklet is sturdy and well made and is bold and looks gorgeous on my lady friend's ankle. <end>
 B0000AS4OT  14k Yellow Gold 1.5mm Diamond-Cut Rope Anklet, 9" ||	  beautiful gold anklet  The gold ankle bracelet is gorgeous.It is quite delicate and, in fact, so beautiful, I've had it shortened to wear as a bracelet on my wrist. It's gorgeous. <end>  anklet  Ankle bracelett broke after one week of wear due to a weak link. Was not the quality I was expecting <end>  Never received it  The anklet was apparently delivered but I did not recive it. Amazon was great in trying to replace it but it was unavailable. I did receive full credit and am more than happy with the way they handle the transaction. Now just off to search for a different anklet. <end>  Diamond cut anklet  Great product, included in a keepsake bag and presented in a lovely box. Thanks I will shop here again. <end>  Dellicate beauty  Beautiful item, but cannot attest to its' durability as I have just given it as a gift. <end>
 B0000AS4Q7  14k White Gold 2mm Diamond-Cut Rope Anklet, 9" ||	  Quality product  This is a nice anklet for the money, and it looks great on my wife. THe clasp broke about 5 months after she got it, but she was pregnant and her ankles were swelling. <end>
 B0000AS4QZ  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 20" ||	  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 20"  Very Happy with the product and service that I receive from Amazon. Keep up the good work. <end>
 B0000AS4R2  14k Yellow Gold 2.5 mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 24" ||	  super deal on this chain!  Got this item today and it is perfect. It's really nice expecially for a man. It is a medium weight chain that is perfect. This chain sells for 40-50 dollars more elsewhere because I researched before I bought. As always I am pleased with Amazon's jewelry collection. Thanks Amazon! <end>  Nice chain for a good price  24" 14K gold chain was a gift for my boyfriend. He likes it. The length was perfectly described. The only problem I had was the blue velvet pouch that it came with, it was awkward taking the chain out of the pouch (snagged a little), but other than that, great gold box buy. <end>  A really nice chain!  This was a gift for a man. I was concerned that this chain may be too delicate...but no, it's a really nice chain and it looks great on him. I bought the 24 inch and I'm very pleased! <end>  Great Chain  I was surprised by the quality & sparkle of this chain. It looks good and is a great value for the price. <end>
 B0000AS4R6  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Diamond-Cut Rope Bracelet, 7" ||	  gold diamond-cut rope bracelet  Beautiful bracelet, small enough for the dainty look, yet sturdy and heavy enough to not fall apart. Wear it all the time with several other bracelets. For this price, unbeatable deal, much better than at the local mall. Amazon is fabulous as always for their delivery time. Thanks Amazon! <end>
 B0000AS4SE  14k White Gold 3mm Diamond-Cut Rope Necklace, 16" ||	  This is a very nice white gold necklace to use for pendants  The thickness of the necklace is nice and looks great with most of my pendants. I love the thickness and the length is perfect so that the pendants aren't hidden under the shirt.Great quality! <end>  Beautiful Piece PLUS Great Value  I purchased this chain because it is in white gold and I wanted something substantial and secure to wear an Atocha reale (coin) on. The photo does not do it justice, it's truely a gorgeous piece and very well made. It is also heavier than I expected. I purchased a yellow gold version of this chain at a wholesale jewlry shop and it was twice the price and not quite as heavy although it was also 3mm. I am really pleased with the looks (I have received several compliments) and quality of this item. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>  just as I expected  The ordering and delivery went very smoothly and the product was just what I hoped for. All in all, a nice experience and I'd order here again. thanks! <end>
 B0000AS4TO  14k Yellow Gold 7mm Charm Bracelet, 8" ||	  Beautiful Gold Bracelet  I purchased a gold charm bracelet through amazon. What a surprise! Forget the jewerly stores, I'll be purchasing my jewerly through amazon. The bracelet, for the money I spent was so well worth it!!! It's so well made, and gram for gram could not have asked for a better deal. <end>  Amazing Value!!!!  I am so happy with my purchase! This is a beautiful high quality bracelet, that I would recommend to anybody. The gold is the perfect color and the gram weight is unbelievable for the price. Ladies, this is a beautiful gift for someone or yourself. Amazon is #1 in my book!!! <end>
 B0000AS4V8  14k White Gold 1mm Round Snake Chain Necklace, 16" ||	  Beautiful necklace  I am VERY happy with this necklace, it's beautiful! I received it within 3 days of my order. I'm sure I will get a lot of compliments. <end>  16" white gold round snake chain  LOVE it, SUPER fast delivery, got the next day!! and goes GREAT with my vintage diamond heart pendant!!! thanks! <end>  14 kt white gold, 1 mm snake chain - 16"  Very nice chain...it will look great with a diamond solitaire pendant or just worn alone. I'm impressed with the quality. Thanks! <end>  chrissy  i received it two days ago ,the item was beautiful it goes very nice with my pendent.thanks amazon <end>
 B0000AS4VN  14k Yellow Gold 1.6mm Italian Round Snake Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  necklace is not finely polished  I needed to return this item after I bought it. It is not a finely polished piece of jewelry (you can feel that it is rough when you run your hand over it). It kept snagging the hair of the person I had given it to. It could be a potential problem for anyone with long hair. <end>
 B0000AS4W7  14k Yellow Gold .9mm Italian Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Gorgeous!!!  I was leery [at first] about purchasing gold jewerly from here. I've purchased books, music, toys, clothes even fitness equipment but jewelry?! Well, I have to say that I was more than impressed and delighted with the quality and worksmanship of this gold chain. It's a nice weight, color and size, perfect for a medium size pendant (for which I bought it)or just by itself. It arrived beautifully packaged in a navy velvet/satin lined pouch and matching box -- all ready for gift-giving. I will definitely be buying more jewerly (along with everything else)from Amazon real soon. <end>  Just what I was looking for!  It's perfect! Very nice weight, not at all tiny. A fraction of the price that all the "major" jewelry stores were asking for the same weight, style and length. Perfect for the diamond pendant I got for Christmas, it adds to the beauty of the pendant instead of taking away from it. Don't be afraid to buy this it's worth every penny! <end>  Very pleased with this necklace  I read reviews before purchasing this gold chain and am another satisfied customer. I have not had problems with green marks left on the neck; this necklace is perfect. I plan to buy another of the same style, but a larger diameter. <end>  broke quickly  I put a diamond pendant on this chain which I wear all of the time. This necklace developed a kink within weeks, and broke in another month. <end>
 B0000AS4X3  14k Yellow Gold 1.4mm Italian Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 24" ||	  Nice Gold Chain  Looks good with pendants and coin jewelery. I bought it for me but my 21 year old son thinks it looks good on him. The chain lays well and does not catch on clothing. <end>
 B0000AS4XT  14k Yellow Gold 1.5mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 16" ||	  Great look and color  Good for the price paid but not worth for more than what I paid for this. <end>
 B0000AS4XW  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 24" ||	  Lovely Necklace  Well made, strong for size. Secure clasp and welds. Only possible drawback is that it is *very* yellow gold (for those who are looking to match colors). <end>  yellow...very yellow 14k gold  I bought this for my husband. It is a very masculine chain of good quality and workmanship, the only thing I really do not like is the color of the gold. The color looks like fluorescent 18k gold, way too yellow for my taste. <end>  Very good piece  I purchased this neckalce from Amazon a while back and love it. It is nice looking, not too big, and not too thin. Looks just perfect. Recommended! <end>  Elegant!  I bought this chain for my husband for our anniversary, relying on previous Amazon jewelry purchases which had all been better than advertised.I was not disappointed....this chain arrived in a presentation box worthy of the highest end neck jewelry, and the hinged midnight blue box was enclosed in a beautiful matching box of very high quality - sturdy, and with an expensive feel and look every bit as nice as Bailey, Banks and Biddle Jewelry.The chain itself is of perfect weight, feels solid and the workmanship is top notch. The lobster claw clasp is strong and latches securely. The gold is smooth and a luscious color.My husband was extremely pleased, I might add, and has not taken the chain off since.Thank you, Amazon, for providing the best quality gold at reasonable prices. Competitors should take notice! <end>
 B0000AS4XY  14k White Gold 1.5mm Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 24" ||	  14K White Gold Italian Round Wheat Chain Necklace, 24"  My wife loves the chain. The chain total weight was more than we could get locally. It is very finely done with a secure clasp and the cost over over $100 less than anything we saw. The value is really unbelievable. Thank you!!! <end>
 B0000AS4XZ  14k Yellow Gold 4.46 mm Puffed Mariner Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  great value  beautiful necklace! the puffed design is perfect, and the weight is quite heavy. I probably would have liked a slightly longer necklace, but this one works. It was definately a great value - even compared to e-bay. <end>
 B0000AS50D  14k Yellow Gold 2.9mm Square Italian Byzantine Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Solid, Crisp looking design  Wife says it is solidly built with gold and is a nice weighing piece of necklace. She loves to wear this everyday. <end>
 B0000AS50Q  Men's 14k Yellow Gold 3.2mm Italian Anchor Chain Necklace, 22" ||	  Great Piece  This is a great looking necklace. It is just as I hoped it would be I was apprehensive about buying something that I could not handle first but took the chance and was not disappointed. Nice weight and color. I opted for free shipping and it was here in 4 days. As always Amazon more than held up to their end of the deal.Thank you <end>  GOLD CHAIN FOR MY SON  THE PRODUCT WAS OUTSTANDING. THE ONLY PROBLEM WE HAD AND IT WAS NO FAULT OF AMAZON WAS THAT IT WAS TOO LARGE . I RETURNED IT AND ORDERED A SMALLER CHAIN WHICH WAS ALSO GREAT. THE OTHER ISSUE I HAD AND WAS NOT PLEASED WITH WAS HOU LONG IT TOOK TO GET A REFUND FOR THE FIRST CHAIN. I SENT IT BACK ON 12/26,IT WAS RECIEVED BY YOURSELVES ON 12/28 AND IT TOOK 4 PHONE CALLS AND 2 WEEKS FOR YOUR PEOPLE TO SAY THAT THEY RECIEVED IT EVEN THOUGH,I HAD DELIVERY CONFIRMATION. THEN IT TOOK THE CREDIT CARD COMPANY ANOTHER 5 DAYS TO CREDIT THE ACCOUNT. I REALIZE IT WAS THE HOLIDAYS AND THERE WAS ALOT PROBABLY GOING ON, BUT NOT BEING TO TELL ME FOR TWO WEEKS IF A RETURN WAS PROCESSED OR NOT IS SOMETHING YOUR MANAGEMENT SHOULD WORK ON. OTHERWISE HAPPY NEW YEAR AND LOOK FORWARD TO USING AMAZON AGAIN IN THE FUTURE AS I HAVE BEEN IN THE PAST. <end>
 B0000AS50S  14k Yellow Gold 2.25mm Italian Square Link Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Beautiful Chain  The picture really doesn't do justice to this chain. It is very good quality. It is solid construction-there is nothing to catch or pull on your hair. It has a very nice lobster claw clasp to hold it secure. It has a very beautiful gold sheen to it and you can feel the weight of the gold-it's not a light weight cheap chain that you have to worry about breaking if you catch it on the slightest thing. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B0000AS50W  14k White Gold 1.5mm Italian Rolo Chain Necklace, 16" ||	  Pretty Chain  So, I couldn't help but laugh at the description for the chain. I was looking for something to hang a pendant off of and loved this. It arrived quickly and in a lovely velevet pouch with a center divider (oh so handy! I love Amazon jewelry as it comes with its own care case). The chain is very pretty. It didn't look quite right with what I order it for, but I liked it so much I decided to keep it anyway. Perhaps that is just a bad excuse to find a suitable pendant for my new favorite chain.  ) <end>
 B0000AS50Z  14k Yellow and White Gold 1.6mm Italian Twisted Octagonal Snake Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Evelyn from Warminster,, PA.  This two tone chain arrived in about a week. This chain is beautiful & strong. I have been shopping around for quite a while & found this chain well worth the money! <end>  Lovely  I bought this for my wife for her birthday. This is an attractive necklace. At first, I thought the chains were a bit thin, but I warmed to it quickly. The twisted pairs of gold and white gold create an attractive blend of color. It is small for formal occasions, but works well for everyday use. <end>
 B0000AS513  14k White Gold 3mm Italian Rolo Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Don't buy  Very poor quality and looks like metal, not gold. Stay away from any jewelry here! <end>
 B0000AS51M  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Oval Italian Byzantine Bracelet, 8" ||	  Very Nice Bracelet  I've been looking for a bracelet for a gift and have not been successful at local shops. I was told what to expect for gold prices and came to find most retail shops will over charge on prices. Only by mere chance did I check online and found Amazon offering choices. In the past I have only used Amazon.com for books and music. I was worried that it would be a cheap thin piece of gold. Not only was the item above and beyond my expectations, I received it quite quickly as well. The bracelet is quite beautiful. The presentation is perfect and I am very satisfied. <end>  Very Satisfied  Like the first reviewer, I was a little hesitant at first. The bracelet came the next day (for only $15) and it was MUCH nicer than I expected. I plan on getting the matching 20" necklace soon. <end>  BETTER THAN EXPECTED  THE PRODUCT ARRIVED QUICK, WAS MUCH BETTER THAN PICTURED,NOW I KNOW I DONT NEED TO SHOP AT PACKED MALLS.....THIS WAS PAINLESS FIRST TIME I BOUGHT JEWERLY ONLINE WAS A BIT AFRAID BUT NOT ANYMORE A++++++ <end>  Lovely!  This byzantine is just perfect. It feels like silk on the wrist, has plenty of presence, but is not too heavy. It is an ideal everyday bracelet. One point of note  the length is just slightly larger than 8" (about 8 3/16). Just worth noting, if you're on the fence sizewise. Seriously, you will love this bracelet. <end>
 B0000AS51O  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Oval Italian Byzantine Chain Necklace, 20" ||	  Mr Marquez  I have this great neacklace in 22" and 168 grams i have had it for 5 years and still get complments on it <end>
 B0000AS52H  14k Yellow Gold Handmade Men's Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  Heavier than advertised  I purchased this bracelet a few months ago and was waiting to see if there were any issues with it before reviewing it. The first thing I noticed was that it weighed out at just over 27 grams not the 25.7 that is advertised. This for me is the perfect size not to large but large enough to be noticed. If you search the internet as I did before buying this bracelet you will find that a bracelet of this weight will go for about $100 more. The quality is very good but not perfect perhaps this is the difference in price. The flaws are few and not recognizable without close examination. My only real concern was the clasp. I read that another reviewer had trouble with this clasp on the 37 gram bracelet but I have had no trouble and I wear this all the time. Maybe they are made by different companies.All in all a great bracelet of modest size (but not too small) that can be worn everyday to the office or for dress up gigs. <end>
 B0000AS52P  14k White Gold .85mm Italian Box Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  I love it - I couldn't be more pleased!  My husband bought me a diamond pendant at Christmas which came with an extremely fine chain - it looked too frail. I have searched in all of the jewelry stores in our local mall and to purchase something of this quality in white gold, I would have needed to spend nearly as much as the pendant cost! I suspected that this one might also be too fine because of the great price, but couldn't believe it when I not only saw the quality, but realized that it had a lobster claw clasp - all of the chains in the stores had a spring ring clasp. Thanks Amazon - I will definitely purchase more jewelry from you. <end>  Great value  I replaced a very fine chain on a diamond, amethyst cross with this chain and seldom take it off. I've had it for at least a year and it has held up well and looks nice. The price is very good too. <end>  Great sturdy chain  i bought this chain a year ago to wear with a diamond pendant my husband bought me for Christmas. I've worn it almost every day since and I love it! It's a very strong chain but it still looks very delicate. <end>  Excellent Purchase  This is an excellent white gold chain...especially at this price. I wasn't able to find a chain of this quality anywhere for less than $175. It is very shiny, well weighted and very well made. Perfect to wear alone or for those precious pendants. The lobster clasp is a definite plus! <end>  Exactly What I Wanted....  A little over a week ago my house was robbed and all my jewelry was stolen. I guess I am in the process of replacing some of the essential pieces that are gone. I needed this length of chain and it is perfect for pendants. It is light and beautiful. The chain is narrow enough to slip most bales over or to wear alone. It is light and it doesn't weigh down your neck. The box link is also one of the strongest links that you can buy. I bought this length because it is perfect for summer and in the winter when I am wearing longer chains, I can triple this length and wear it around my wrist as a bracelet. <end>
 B0000AS53F  14k Yellow and White Gold Link Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Cool 2-tone bracelet  Most of my jewelry is 2-tone. I have received many compliments on this bracelet. It is simple yet elegant. Also, it is light-weight. <end>
 B0000AWO9S  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOAO  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOCK  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOE0  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Wedding band  Lovely weight and shine. I use it as a stacking ring with a couple of other rope ones. Am pleased with the quality. <end>
 B0000AWOJ1  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOL4  18k Yellow Gold 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  18K ring  Outstanding product, well packed, well shipped, and the customer paperwork and guide for care& service were included.My girlfriend loves her ring.."A happy wife is a happy life". (ha-ha)! <end>  very solid  true to size and solid gold! not like some of the rings we tried on in some of the 'well known' jewelry stores in the mall that only look like gold but feel Sooo inferior. you won't regret this investment it's a 'steel'(steal)the price is unbeatable! <end>
 B0000AWOQE  18k Yellow Gold 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Long Time Wearer  I've been wearing a Comfort Fit Wedding Band for over ten years and would never have any other kind. I have to be able to remove the band regularly and it slides on and off easily - but is still securely on when worn. If you're not a "ring fan" but want to wear a wedding band - this is the one for you. <end>
 B0000AWOY5  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  My wedding ring  We request this rings with some certain doubts, but when tehy arrived I realized that they are so beautiful. <end>
 B0000AWOZ7  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  My wedding ring  We request this rings with some certain doubts, but when tehy arrived I realized that they are so beautiful. <end>
 B0000AWP3I  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Lovely band  A comfortable, weighty and attractive band. My husband has worn it for six years, and is happy with it. I like how it looks on him; it's not flashy. He's lost weight so has to be careful to not wear it when gardening or shoveling, it's flown right off his hand sometimes! That's what I mean when I say it's got a decent weight. I would describe this as a very solid ring. <end>
 B0000AWP8C  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWP9X  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPAF  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPCO  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPFG  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000AWPM5  18k Yellow Gold 8mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  heavy solid gold band  This is a classic - heavy, shiny, true to size. A pleasure to wear every day. <end>  Sweet! UPDATED  I am getting married in a month and had purchased a "square" ring from another site, which I liked, but just did not look all that square to me (I had seen an awesome, very square, chunky design in the form of a cheap ring at Aldo that I was trying to replicate in some way, even though the ring I ended up with was much subtler).So this "square" ring, at first and even second blush, looked rather...round. Plus, it was a 14k ring, which looked too "silvery" to me, as my skin tone is flattered by Autmn-style colors, needing a richer gold color.So, I decided I'd go where the competition was and go to a round ring. If I couldn't get my square edges, at least it would be chunky and a good deal.I had tried round rings, even comfort fits, on at jewelry stores. They were thin and feminine looking. Clearly they were trying to skimp on the materials, and often they were 14k. I noticed the prices were significant at places like Helzberg, being $400 plus, often $500 or more for a "substantial" ring, a price I was unable to pay.In any event, I decided I would try this ring.Something to note is that once you go from size 10 to 10.5, they add an "extra" 1mm to the ring. So, it goes from 8mm to 9mm. Of course, you are paying additional for the additional metal, but it does make the ring a little more substantial top to bottom once you hit 10.5. I am an 11 so I ended up with a "9mm" ring in my basket.I received the ring today and it's a beauty! HEAVY! Wow, my hand has a whole new heft to it, it feels like. This is MUCH MUCH heavier than the thin 14k squared ring I was sent as above. This ring is pretty hefty. Most anyone would be proud of it.On the inside it's stamped with the obligatory "18k" but also a little infinity symbol, which I thought was a little "spiritual" touch to what is most likely a wedding band for the majority of buyers.The ring sits higher above the finger, so it has a profile and height. It is not like a thin little band that hugs your skin. On me, those looked positively feminine. I hated them and that is why I ran from round rings and wanted a more masculine square one.It slips on easily, is very comfortable to wear and slips off with a reasonable amount of wiggling and cajoling. In other words, perfect. True to size, yet even more comfortable than other rings I've tried. The comfort fit interior is very "pillowy" and smooth. Nice.The heft of this ring makes this a great compromise for me, and the PRICE is FANTASTIC!! Feels like one of those $500 gold rings for much less. THANK YOU, AMAZON!UPDATE Oh man, heaviness is a blessing and a curse. I have now gotten married and have worn this ring for a month now. I sort of wish I'd have gotten a lighter band. I still feel this thing weighing down my finger, i.e. the sensation hasn't "deadened" for me. Not a nightmare, not necessarily annoying, but just a little distracting point.Also, since this ring is comfort fit and "puffs out" (is rounded outwards) a little both on the inside and outside (it's not like a straight "pipe segment"), I feel it on the first bone of my middle and pinky fingers when my fingers are together. A little annoying.Of course, I really wish there were no such thing as wedding bands to begin with, I've never really cared for rings! Why not a bracelet or tatoo?! (Half-joking here, and I digress...)Anyhow, this is a beautiful band. It will start off mirror-finish and will scuff up. Mine is now pretty scratched, both micro scratches and also rock-climbing on our honeymoon put larger, fuzzier scuffs on the ring. This can be refinished at any good jeweler, but I prefer the duller look. I don't like shiny-shiny. That felt too feminine.At this point, I obviously have to keep this-very-ring because it was "at the ceremony," and yes, I am very proud of it, but if I could do it all over again I'd scrap the comfort fit bulgy-ness and get a lighter, flatter 14k gold ring, purely for comfort issues. 18k gold is heavy!Remember, you will be wearing this the rest of your life. <end>
 B0000AWPSM  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWPWA  18k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWQN3  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQO6  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQPQ  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQRM  18k Yellow Gold 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Great buy!!  I'm not sure what problem the previous buyer had, but the rings I received are excellent! Hubby and I bought matching bands and they are MUCH heavier and better made than our old bands. Mine is a size 5 and weighs 8.05g, fully twice the weight of my old band.These rings are exactly as stated  18K gold comfort fit, 6mm wide, and they are 2.2mm thick. VERY solid, feels great on the finger. I'd been shopping around for months and I can say that we would have easily paid at least $400 each at our local shops for rings of this quality. I highly recommend Amazon.com jewelry.[...]. An awesome deal all the way around!! <end>  not what it said it was  It was NOT 6mm it was very light and much thinner then the picture. I have returned this item BUT HAVE NOT RECIEVED ANY OF THE MONEY BACK~ POOR COMMUNICATION <end>  a great buy!!!  The purchase and delivery was fast. The ring also has a nice weight and feels great on the hand. A++++ <end>
 B0000AWQZZ  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR2I  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR56  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Excellent!!!!!  I'm still in shock that I was able to get this ring for $[...]. At 7mm wide and 2.2mm thick, a size 9.5 weighs just about 10g. That is HEAVY and solid! It's beautifully made and I'm so thrilled to have found it. Hubby loves his new band, it's gorgeous in its simplicity but the best thing is the amazing price  I've priced rings like this at local shops for $600. Thank you, Amazon! <end>
 B0000AWR91  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  Great  Wife loved it. Fit perfectly on her finger and loves the comfort fit so much she hardly knows it is there. A good priced ring and a great ring to have if you do rigorous work with your hands so she says. <end>  Platinum Wedding Band  Super quality for the price. Fits well and shines. Good weight and will never yellow like white gold does. <end>  The perfect platinum band!  My husband bought this band for me for our anniversary and I love it! It was exactly what I wanted...something that I could wear all the time, even while at the gym, traveling, washing dishes, in the yard, etc. The band is the perfect width (2.5mm) and very comfortable. Despite the heavy weight of platinum I forget that I'm even wearing this ring. The comfort fit is awesome-it's super comfy and the slightly rounded edge is very pretty. The inside engraving reads "PLAT 950", nothing else. You won't be disappointed with this ring, especially for the price. (Our local jeweler couldn't find one for less than $800.) <end>
 B0000AWRM0  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRQP  Platinum 4mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Perfect ring and fit  I have to set the record straight for this product. I received the ring in perfect condition, in the correct size, and with 950 platinum stamped on the inside. Very happy with the purchase. I would suggest other customers properly check their ring sizes for comfort fit in a jewelry store, even a local Walmart will work, before ordering online at Amazon so they have no sizing problems. <end>  Okay, but not really happy  Overall, the ring is really nice. It looks great. Had no problems with delivery. Still waiting for the return to be credited to my credit card. And they did not credit me but for only half the shipping costs. Their reasoning was because I picked the wrong size, they are responsible for only half....It was their fault with the size.I'm not happy that the ring sizes do not match with what I received. A jeweler sized my finger and I ordered that size. It was two sizes too big. Because of this Amazon said that could not refund the full shipping cost since it was my mistake. (This occurred after I already received the new size, which is still too big.) I'm a 10.5, should have went for the 9 or 9.5, but I didn't want to go through the hassle. BTW, this will be my wedding band. <end>  Simple and perfect  As a simple and perfect wedding band , you cannot pass on this, however watch the size- it does run small <end>  PERFECT RING...  if your the simple type but you want luxury or luxury is you...then so is this ring...even if luxury doesn't suit you...I GUARANTEE it will LOOK GREAT ON YOU...make sure you pick the right size ring, remember, your wedding finger may be smaller than your right hand, so have it professionally measured. HAPPY SHOPPING...PERFECT BUY...!! <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>
 B0000AWRVQ  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful  Its a bit risky to order jewelry online, but Amazon has well earned my trust. I have bought two platinum rings and they are both beautiful. This ring is flawlessly crafted from 95% platinum and it is packaged in a deep blue velvet case. The comfort fit and the ring size are identical to the retail jewelery store items that I tried and the price is only half what they were charging. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Platinum without costing you all your Gold  The cheapest price I could find, after talking to several stores (big and small) was $2000.I was incredibly skeptical to purchase a ring over the internet. Especially the main ring. But it was awesome. It even had a return policy package set up as soon as you opened the box.I didn't have any special needs for this ring. I just needed a band. If I ever need a band, I'll go Amazon again. I recommend this to all my friends and family. <end>  Nice Band  He loves how hefty it is (takes it off and shows it to people - feel that? Doesn't it have some heft to it?!) He would prefer it to be a little less round, but finds it comfortable. Would definitely recommend it.  0) <end>  Great price for a wedding band  I had mixed feeling about ordering a wedding band for my upcoming wedding online and especially Amazon.I just opened the box and it was exactly like everyone I had looked at in my local high-end jewelry stores. I know that platinum is currently very expensive, but they wanted 2-3 times more than what I paid for this.I immediately took it to my local jewelry store and the confirmed that it was platinum. If you want a simple platinum band, this is a great deal. <end>  Beautifully crafted ring  The ring came in a nice blue Amazon box. I bought it for my fiance. He was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this ring. I highly recommend it for others who are searching for a plain platinum comfort fit wedding band. The price was the lowest I could find online. <end>
 B0000AWRW4  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful  Its a bit risky to order jewelry online, but Amazon has well earned my trust. I have bought two platinum rings and they are both beautiful. This ring is flawlessly crafted from 95% platinum and it is packaged in a deep blue velvet case. The comfort fit and the ring size are identical to the retail jewelery store items that I tried and the price is only half what they were charging. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Platinum without costing you all your Gold  The cheapest price I could find, after talking to several stores (big and small) was $2000.I was incredibly skeptical to purchase a ring over the internet. Especially the main ring. But it was awesome. It even had a return policy package set up as soon as you opened the box.I didn't have any special needs for this ring. I just needed a band. If I ever need a band, I'll go Amazon again. I recommend this to all my friends and family. <end>  Nice Band  He loves how hefty it is (takes it off and shows it to people - feel that? Doesn't it have some heft to it?!) He would prefer it to be a little less round, but finds it comfortable. Would definitely recommend it.  0) <end>  Great price for a wedding band  I had mixed feeling about ordering a wedding band for my upcoming wedding online and especially Amazon.I just opened the box and it was exactly like everyone I had looked at in my local high-end jewelry stores. I know that platinum is currently very expensive, but they wanted 2-3 times more than what I paid for this.I immediately took it to my local jewelry store and the confirmed that it was platinum. If you want a simple platinum band, this is a great deal. <end>  Beautifully crafted ring  The ring came in a nice blue Amazon box. I bought it for my fiance. He was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this ring. I highly recommend it for others who are searching for a plain platinum comfort fit wedding band. The price was the lowest I could find online. <end>
 B0000AWRY9  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Beautiful  Its a bit risky to order jewelry online, but Amazon has well earned my trust. I have bought two platinum rings and they are both beautiful. This ring is flawlessly crafted from 95% platinum and it is packaged in a deep blue velvet case. The comfort fit and the ring size are identical to the retail jewelery store items that I tried and the price is only half what they were charging. I couldn't be happier. <end>  Platinum without costing you all your Gold  The cheapest price I could find, after talking to several stores (big and small) was $2000.I was incredibly skeptical to purchase a ring over the internet. Especially the main ring. But it was awesome. It even had a return policy package set up as soon as you opened the box.I didn't have any special needs for this ring. I just needed a band. If I ever need a band, I'll go Amazon again. I recommend this to all my friends and family. <end>  Nice Band  He loves how hefty it is (takes it off and shows it to people - feel that? Doesn't it have some heft to it?!) He would prefer it to be a little less round, but finds it comfortable. Would definitely recommend it.  0) <end>  Great price for a wedding band  I had mixed feeling about ordering a wedding band for my upcoming wedding online and especially Amazon.I just opened the box and it was exactly like everyone I had looked at in my local high-end jewelry stores. I know that platinum is currently very expensive, but they wanted 2-3 times more than what I paid for this.I immediately took it to my local jewelry store and the confirmed that it was platinum. If you want a simple platinum band, this is a great deal. <end>  Beautifully crafted ring  The ring came in a nice blue Amazon box. I bought it for my fiance. He was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this ring. I highly recommend it for others who are searching for a plain platinum comfort fit wedding band. The price was the lowest I could find online. <end>
 B0000AWS0V  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  great band  This wedding band was identical to one I purchased on Blue Nile, but it was $100 less, even with the Blue Nile ring sizer discount. The band looks good and has a decent quality and craftsmanship.(2yr. update 2/27/09  I still have the ring. Yes, I'm still happily married! I rarely take off the ring, so it is scratched and scuffed a bit.I got my first scratch after a week or so and the original shine dulled after a several months (the ring was originally shiny like the picture and still is shiny when I take the ring off an look at the inside). But understand I wore the ring all the time - in the shower, making dinner, mowing the lawn, doing home remodeling jobs, etc.I still feel this was a great buy and I can get the ring repolished anytime but there no reason to do so.) <end>  Great 6mm Plat Band  We looked all over for a man's wedding band in 14K, 18K and platinum . . .and found this plat one to be the best quality and the cheapest . . .All the local dealers quoted us $1100-1300 for the equivalent platinum band . . so this Amazon band was a no brainer! <end>  Excellent Value  Just got mine. I looked all over the place for platinum bands in a size 8. In my family hometown, we had jewelers tell us that the cost would be $1500. In downtown chicago, the prices got better, where they were quoting $800 for the same band but it was here for $600. I ordered it on Saturday and got it on Tuesday, the shipping was free and fast! It looks amazing and is marked PLAT inside. I could not recommend this ring more. If you're a person who prefers to save money, than pay hundreds of dollars more just to say you got the exact same thing at a certain store, then this deal is for you.Please note that you should refer to other expert amazon.com reviews that mention when choosing comfort fit, you should choose a size 1/4 to 1/2 less than your normal ring size. I'm glad I did and it avoided any issues with the size. <end>  Came just as expected  Got this for my wedding, it came on time, and just as advertised. It's a nice plain band, and the comfort fit feels great! <end>
 B0000AWS4W  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Great looking band  Was looking for a simple platinum comfort fit wedding band and didn't care about who the designer was. More importantly, I didn't want to pay a couple hundred bucks more for a designer name when I could not tell the two apart anyway.It's a great looking, comfortable band that arrived in a nice little blue box. <end>  Very nice!  I bought this for my upcoming wedding (2nd  P) in April. This ring is very comfortable and looks terrific, as expected. Be sure to order atleast a half size smaller than usual because of the comfort fit. I had to send a size 10 back for a 9.5. This ring is great! <end>  Great Price And Exactly What I Wanted.  The price on this was much cheaper than I was able to find anywhere else. The size was perfect. I'm very pleased with it. <end>
 B0000AWS9J  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSBD  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSCA  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSG0  Platinum 2.5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  This price can't be beat!  I bought the 4mm for my fiance and the 2.5mm for myself. Both rings are stamped "PLAT 950". The craftmanships is awesome, beautifully detailed milgrains. You can't beat this price! <end>  Pleasant Surprise  I just received this wedding band in the mail. It is so nice and very very comfortable. An excellant price for platinum. <end>
 B0000AWSUB  Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Excellent buy for a nice platinum ring  As suggested on other reviews, I ordered a half size smaller than my regular ring size and it fits perfectly. The ring is marked "PLAT 950 FG" on the inside. I believe the "FG" is a makers mark. The exterior is as pictured, but the interior of the ring is more rounded that the "step" that appears in the photo, which may be a reflection in the photograph anyway. The thickness seems just about right. Not to thick and not to thin. It is extremely comfortable to wear.Now for the best part. On my Ohaus 505 scales, this sample weighs 143.5 grains, which converts to 9.29 grams. What a buy at today's Platinum prices.Needless to say, I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B0000AWSZP  Men's Platinum 5mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Excellent quality and value  I've had my ring for well over a year now, and it still polishes up just as pretty as the day I got it. My hands are on the small side for a guy, and I don't like klunky jewelry anyway, so the 5mm is perfect. Like a previous reviewer, I had sized as a 9, but that was too loose, so returned for an 8.5. Return process was painless. I really like this ring, enjoy the weight of it, and expect it to last the rest of my life. <end>  Better than Expected  The ring arrived and it was even better than I expected. The price was extremely reasonable (under $700), the milgrain design was elegant and it was a nice, heavy weight. Size was as described. <end>  Ring sizing  I really liked the ring. However, it was a little too big. I was sized at a jewelry store and a 9 fit great. This one slipped off my hand too easily, so I opted for the 8.5. It was still a great bargin though. The jewelry store had a similar milgrain platinum 5mm ring for $1800. I can't say how comparable it was, but the price difference was enough to get me to buy online.Amazon's return policy was great and I was refunded quickly. <end>
 B0000AWT4C  Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Better than the ones at the mall  I purchased two of these rings for my wedding, the 6mm and the 4mm. Both of these rings exceeded my expectations. I had looked at dozens of rings at numerous jewelry stores in three different malls and my fiance and I had agreed that we wanted a comfort fit milgrain pattern. Past that, here are a few points 1) THESE RINGS ARE STAMPED PLAT 950  The ring description on the product page does not specify what type of platinum these rings are made of. I took a gamble and ordered them hoping they would be either 95% or at least 90% platinum (the two most common types). To my delight, these rings were both stamped &quot;PLAT 950&quot; which means they contain the highest pecentage of platinum available.2) VERY FINE MILGRAIN PATTERN  The milgrain pattern is quite fine compared to the platinum rings that we saw at the mall. Although I do not have the tools to accurately measure it, I'd say that the grain pattern on either side of the ring does not exceed 0.5mm, probably less. So on the 4mm ring, there is less than 0.5mm of milgrain on either side, and approx 3mm of plain band. It looks very refined.3) IMPRESSIVE FLUID MILGRAIN PATTERN  Platinum is apparently much harder than gold, and the milgrain pattern on many of the rings at the mall appeared etched or scored, rather than giving a smooth organic grain pattern. The rings from Amazon more closely resemble a true milgrain pattern like the kind you'd find on a gold ring. The details appear very organic, even under a 10x loop. Since I was willing to accept the inferior appearance of the rings at the mall, I was quite pleased to see the superior milgrain pattern on the Amazon rings.3) SIGNIFICALTY LESS EXPENSIVE  By purchasing these rings from amazon, I paid approx. half of what I would have paid at the mall.4) FAST DELIVERY  No single store at the mall had the rings we wanted in our sizes. So we would have had to special order them anyway, and most places were asking for a 4 week lead time. So not only were the rings cheaper at Amazon but we got them faster as well.5) SIZING WAS IDENTICAL TO MALL SIZING  My fiance and I had our ring fingers sized at at least 10 different jewelry stores and used those measurements to order our rings from amazon. The measurements were right on. The amazon comfort fit ring fit exactly the same as the comfort fit rings at the mall. Please note however, that when purchasing a &quot;comfort fit&quot; ring, you should order the smallest possible size that will fit. This is because only the middle part of a comfort fit ring will contact your skin, unlike a traditional ring where the two ends of the rings contact your finger. This is what makes these rings comfortable, and also heavier (the middle part has to be made thicker adding wieght to the ring). However this also makes the ring easier to slide off of your finger since the ends don't contact the skin on your finger and consequently the ring doesn't pinch your skin to stop the ring from sliding off. So as a rule of thumb, when ordering a comfort fit ring, get one that is 1/4 to 1/2 ring size smaller than your traditional ring size. If my descrition doesn't make sense to you, at least go to the mall and try on a traditional and a comfort fit ring of the same size. You'll see that the comfort fit slides off of your finger much more easily.In summary, all in all I was a little nervous to order jewelry without first seeing it in person, but I was quite please with the rings once I received them. <end>  This is the genuine item  This item is real, genuine platinum. It is marked Platinum 950, so do not be afraid to purchase this item even though it is much cheaper than at other jewelry stores or websites. A great value, and an even greater keepsake symbol for your wedding. I highly recommend this ring. <end>
 B0000AWT7V  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  You Won't Find A Better Value  This ring is so beautiful. It's very well-crafted and you get an amazing price for such a great piece of jewelry. I shopped around all over, both online and in stores and found that Amazon.com offered the greatest savings on platinum bands.One word of caution... these rings are comfort fit, so you may have to order a half-size smaller than your normal ring size. I had to return the first ring I got and go for the smaller size, and it fit perfectly! The return was very easy and completely painless.It's easy to be afraid of purchasing an item like his via the internet, but trust me, this ring is completely worth the risk. You'll find similar rings for double the price or more elsewhere, and should you order the wrong size, there's no hassle with the return whatsoever. <end>  Style, Comfort and Price  This will be a life long item which I was able to obtain at an extremely reasonable price. This ring is very stylish and of excellent craftsmanship. I highly recommend this item. The only semi-negative is that the platinum material scratches easily. Although, I just think it gives it more character. Great item! <end>  Beautiful Platinum band!  This ring is absolutely beautiful and an exceptionally great price for a 6mm Platinum ring in size 8. I went to all the retail stores and searched the internet for the best price and Amazon was by far the cheapest for a size 8. I did find another website that sold a size 8.5 which was less expensive than Amazon. I originally bought a size 8.5 from the other website, but returned it since it was too big and then decided to buy from Amazon since the size 8 was cheaper than the other website. The only difference between this ring and the ones sold at the retail stores is that the milgrain edge is thinner/smaller, but other than that it is identical to the more expensive rings sold at the retail stores. I highly recommend anyone looking for a platinum milgrain ring to buy from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWT9R  Men's Platinum 6mm Comfort Fit Milgrain Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  You Won't Find A Better Value  This ring is so beautiful. It's very well-crafted and you get an amazing price for such a great piece of jewelry. I shopped around all over, both online and in stores and found that Amazon.com offered the greatest savings on platinum bands.One word of caution... these rings are comfort fit, so you may have to order a half-size smaller than your normal ring size. I had to return the first ring I got and go for the smaller size, and it fit perfectly! The return was very easy and completely painless.It's easy to be afraid of purchasing an item like his via the internet, but trust me, this ring is completely worth the risk. You'll find similar rings for double the price or more elsewhere, and should you order the wrong size, there's no hassle with the return whatsoever. <end>  Style, Comfort and Price  This will be a life long item which I was able to obtain at an extremely reasonable price. This ring is very stylish and of excellent craftsmanship. I highly recommend this item. The only semi-negative is that the platinum material scratches easily. Although, I just think it gives it more character. Great item! <end>  Beautiful Platinum band!  This ring is absolutely beautiful and an exceptionally great price for a 6mm Platinum ring in size 8. I went to all the retail stores and searched the internet for the best price and Amazon was by far the cheapest for a size 8. I did find another website that sold a size 8.5 which was less expensive than Amazon. I originally bought a size 8.5 from the other website, but returned it since it was too big and then decided to buy from Amazon since the size 8 was cheaper than the other website. The only difference between this ring and the ones sold at the retail stores is that the milgrain edge is thinner/smaller, but other than that it is identical to the more expensive rings sold at the retail stores. I highly recommend anyone looking for a platinum milgrain ring to buy from Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWTE5  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTEQ  14k Yellow Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  A very nice little ring  Bought to wear as a "guard" to an antique ring that's slightly too large, this is a good value, very nice piece of jewellery. As always with Amazon, delivery was almost immediate. Very pleased. <end>  Gold Band  It was a gold wedding band that I have been looking for for a long time. When it got here it was just what I wanted! <end>  Great thumb ring  I ordered this band as a thumb ring--it is perfect. It is thin enough that it doesn't restrict movement and is very comfortable. Perfect! <end>  simple and elegant  as pictured and described. fits well. very happy with this purchase. <end>  !!!!  Bought the ring as a Christmas present. The ex threw it back in my face. We are no longer together. Hate the ring, hate the ex! <end>
 B0000AWTOA  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Excellent buy  I bought this band to wear stacked with another band I have, sort of as an enhancer for it and it looks great. I was a little nervous about ordering jewelry online but I felt that with the excellent price and Amazon's reputation I could take that chance. This ring is equal to what you would buy in a jewelry store. It has a nice weight for the thinness and a very nice shine. Basically, what you see is what you get. It looks exactly the same as the picture. I would advise trying on a ring of the same thickness at a jewelry store to make sure this is the width you want. You will also realize what a great price Amazon has! I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AWTW5  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWTY8  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWTZD  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWU1P  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>
 B0000AWU8B  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWU8T  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>
 B0000AWUAV  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWUBG  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWUFJ  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWUH1  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWUKD  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWULP  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Affordable replacement wedding ring.  After losing my wedding ring this past spring I had wondered how to go about replacing it without having to take out a loan.The ring I got from Amazon fit the bill. For considerably less than I had been quoted at a regular store in our nearest city, I have a replacement that I am proud to have on my finger.The ring arrived well packed and on time. Do not hesitate if you need a budget wedding band this will not disappoint. <end>  Just what I was looking for.....  I needed a plain gold band for when I travelled to areas that my wedding set was inappropriate to wear! This band was perfect and exactly up to the standards I would expect from Amazon. <end>  B-E-A-Utifull  I for one, really love this ring. I'm glad it was able to ship way out here over seas in Japan. It's real shiny and sweet, but if you're not real carefull you tend to scratch it up pretty well. But still, it stays in a wonderful state. I just recommend you take it off before you do any kind of serious work or maintanence of course. Because it will get scratched up....but what jewelry doesn't?!?? ^_^I'm telling friends about it and I'm telling you, for the style, money and look of it you won't be dissapointed. <end>  Nice ring.  I gave this ring 5 stars because it is, in fact, a ring. And I'm still married after five years, so, ya know, that's great, too. <end>
 B0000AWUOY  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWURP  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUTD  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWUVO  14k Yellow Gold 6mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  More Than Satisfied!!  I was astonished when I received this ring. The shine, the fit, the color, everything was perfect. I was a little hesitate about buying a ring off of the internet but decided to give it a try and boy am I glad. I had looked in stores and the prices for one this nice were 2 to 3 times what I paid. Even the department store type rings were more expensive and the feel of the ring on the finger was very rough compared to the nice comfortable feel of this ring. The shipping I chose was 2 day but I received it 24 hrs. after I ordered online. It is definitely worth more than 5 stars. Thanks for a beautiful ring!! <end>  Happily SURPRISED!  Was very happyily surprised to see the quality of this product.It was much smoother than the comfort band fits my husband tried on in department stores and a way better value in price. Was scared to order jewelry online but overall Amazon has not let me down so decided to take a shot at it. Was very worth it and we got more than our moneys worth. <end>  Beautiful  An absolutely gorgeous ring at a very fair price. Delivery was very timely. No complaints here! <end>  Same band different song  I highly recommend these 14k gold bands. The price was outstanding. I purchased a couple of 14k gold bands a few years ago and was left making monthly payments. But amazon makes it totally affordable. <end>  Very pleased  The band is simple but elegant. Delivery was timely (even early) and the blue velvet box it came in was a nice added touch. Unbeatable price for a bright, smooth, shiny 14k band. My husband is very choosy about jewelry and a hard to fit size 13 -- the ring was sized correctly, well crafted, and comfortable. He got several compliments the very first day he put it on. A great experience buying jewerly on-line for the 1st time. This ring is sure to satisfy. <end>  Perfect!  It is exactly what I needed. When I showed it to my fiance he smiled and said that it is perfect. <end>  Loved it!  I ordered this ring for my husband for Christmas and he loved it! I was so happy that I was able to find this band in a size 13. I had a hassle trying to find the right size and the RIGHT PRICE! This ring had a great shine and the weight was just right. 14 KT size 13 for $110, YOU CAN'T BEAT IT! <end>  quality product, great price  This was a replacement band for my spouse and it fits perfectly. For the price, you could not ask for a better ring. <end>
 B0000AWVDB  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVES  14k Yellow Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Absolutely love this ring!  This ring is perfect. I have to disagree with the last review. The color gold is beautiful and it definitely has weight to it. It's durable, thick, and so comfortable to wear. I bought this to replace my diamond wedding ring which I avoid wearing because I am rough with my hands. But this band is just perfect for me, it's beautiful! Thank so much! <end>  I returned it.  The picture of this ring makes it look much thicker like that of a comfort fit band. It is not that thick. The 14k was not very yellow, I think I'd prefer and 18k. I returned it. <end>  A Beautiful Wide Yellow Gold Ring  I am writing to comment on the other reviews for this product and tell you what I see. I received it today and am very pleased with it. It is wider than I expected, and the gold color is nicely yellow - the same as all other 14k yellow gold rings. In the photo of this item it appears to be a bronze color. This is not true, it is bright yellow gold, nicely polished, and very comfortable. The ring has good weight and color and makes a good impression. It is difficult to miss noticing a ring of this width. I bought size 10 and it's a perfect fit. I think this ring will last forever. <end>
 B0000AWVFH  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVK7  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVN0  14k Yellow Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Great Product for the money!!  Have been wearing the ring from the day it arrived. It has held up great, no tarnish or fading or wear showing. It was a great purchase!! <end>
 B0000AWVOG  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVOW  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVRD  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVSN  14k Yellow Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is so pretty. I was a bit leary about getting it because it looked too simple to me, but when I got it I was so pleased. It's a great ring and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  a simple, elegant wedding band  I am very pleased with this product. I will be getting married very soon and I can't wait to slip this band on my bride's finger. With it's elegant design and understated beauty, it is a worthy seal for our love. <end>
 B0000AWVUJ  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWW02  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWW0V  14k Yellow Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Gorgeous ring!  This is a beautiful, finely crafted ring  solid, comfortable, true to size, and with elegant milgraining around the edges. It's stamped on the inside with the "14K" mark and with the manufacturer's mark. The gold weight is as advertised. It arrived in a nice box. I bought this during amazon's Labor Day jewelry sale as a treat for myself, and I'm extremely pleased with the quality and still surprised at the low price that amazon wanted for it. If you go to a jewelry store and ask to see bands like this, you'll see that they charge much, much higher prices. (In fact, jewelry stores enjoy charging a premium for wedding-band-style rings because they know that most people seeking such bands are about to get married and really need to have them--how awful!) Thanks for such a great deal, amazon! <end>  A great Ring  I have never ordered jewelry from Amazon before, so this ring was my first purchase of this type. I am very happy with the product quality, the way the ring-size charts gave us the correct ring size, and the nice little box holding the ring. (This was a gift for my wife, who LOVES this ring!) Amazon's delivery and packaging were all very professional. A++ <end>
 B0000AWW2L  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWW7V  14k Yellow Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring for my fiance as his wedding band for our upcoming wedding. It's a beautiful ring. High quality. The milgrain detailing gives it a unique touch. I am very happy with this purchase. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Exactly as Advertised  The picture of this ring was precisely what I received. After searching on several sites for the one ring I could wear when my bridal set is too much for an occasion, I finally found this one. The quality is exceptional and the presentation was a nice display suspended high on a carpet of black velvet.If a casual but tasteful band is what you are looking for, this is it. The detailing around the edges is so elegant and the gold is so highly polished that it looks like a piece of art. <end>  14k Yellow Gold 5mm milgrain Half Round Band  I bought this for my husband as a replacement for his original wedding band that had to be cut off when he was operated on for carpal tunnel syndrome. He likes it better than his original. I would say this is good testimony after over 17 years of marriage. <end>  Wonderful value  I bought this ring for my fiance for our wedding and it is perfect. It is exactly the same ring we tried on in jewelry stores for double or triple the price. Great workmanship, lovely and shiny just like the picture. Also, I got my band (slightly thinner but otherwise the same) on a different website and they matched perfectly. We couldn't be happier with this purchase and my fiance will proudly wear this forever. <end>  great quality  this ring I bought for my fiancee as a committment to our relationship, and along with my ring both came in beautiful navy blue ring boxes and both polised to glistten like stars. I searched for about 4 months to find the right ring, and it was just as the picture described. The miligrain detailing adds an edge of uniqueness and I could not be happier with the product. Thanks to Amazon. <end>
 B0000AWWR7  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWWWF  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWX03  14k White Gold 2mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Gentle elegance  This ring is delicate and comfortable. It feels great on my hand and looks lovely too. <end>  Delicate, but...  This ring is very delicate in appearance and is comfortable, however, the gold is dull and somewhat bronze-like in color.I cannot wear it next to my other white gold jewelry, as it just looks drab. I also have this same band in the 2.5mm width... shinier and brighter and much prettier, without being too wide.I highly recommend the wider version. You'll be pleased with that one. <end>  This was the perfect ring for me!!!  I purchased this ring because I needed something dainty and plain to go along with my engagement ring that is a band with a princess cut main stone and other "floating diamonds". This ring worked absolutely perfectly and I am getting so many compliments! It is so comfortable and looks like it is made to go with my engagement ring. A great find (the 2 mm is hard to find!) and a great deal!!! <end>  Very good quality!  This ring looks great, my husband love it. The fact that it's only 2mm Half Round Band, gives it a very different look. We received in less than two, we were very pleased. A great quality for the unexpensive ring, you could save the rest of the money for the honeymood....as we did!! <end>  purrrfect  I bought this ring because I wanted something lightweight, small, and cheap. I wanted it lightweight so I wouldn't be distracted by it. I wanted it small because as a woman, I do plan on wearing more rings on my wedding finger with my band and engagement ring, so I would like a small band to allow the space. And I wanted cheap because I want a ring for traveling  that is not really too flashy/draws attention, that I won't be too upset losing or getting robbed of, but a ring that will still convey that I am married. This ring does it all. It came in a beautiful box within a box and I was blown away by how much it shined. If you want something like what I've listed, definitely buy this. It's a great great deal. If you want super flashy, go for something different. <end>  So little gold  A mighty small amount of gold for the money. Actually, I returned this ring. It did not match my 14 kt white gold engagement ring. Looked like a different color metal. ALSO...I found this ring in 14 kt. white gold, same mm width at a big blue box retailer & it did match my ring...and for $27.00 and change !!! Weighed exactly the same so why spend more money? <end>  Very thin  Everything was as promised, 14k white gold, sized correctly and very nice, but I had no idea how thin a 2mm width ring is. Imagine uncoiling a paperclip and shaping it around your finger - that's how thin it really is. Other than that, it's dainty, has clean lines and matches my thin engagement ring band. <end>  My wedding ring  I bought this ring as my wedding band to match the engagement ring my now husband had given me. I am very happy with the purchase. The ring itself is beautiful and exactly how amazon described it. Shipping was faster than expected.Overall, very happy with the service and product from amazon.com....THANKS! <end>  dainty  This ring is just what i was hoping it would be. Tiny, and comfortable. <end>
 B0000AWX2T  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWX4O  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWX59  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWX6F  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWXBX  14k White Gold 2.5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Simple beauty!!!  Comfortable and plain...If you're into blinding, eyeball-popping "bling-bling" this isn't for you; but if you're about subtle, classy, understated elegance, this should fit the bill perfectly. And how 'bout that price??!!! <end>  Perfect!  I've always wanted a white gold wedding band, and this ring is stunning, plus you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee has always wanted yellow gold, but we purchased white gold wedding bands and he is more than satisfied, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  A Real Classic Beauty  This ring is so beautiful! It has a timeless look with a brilliant shine. I was so impressed with it and would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves the look of a traditional wedding band. This ring is truly classy! <end>  Nice display  I wasn't expecting such a nice ring box.I was very happy with my purchase. <end>  Got this for my fiance  I bought this for my fiance to wear as an engagement-non-flashy-men's-ring and it's great. It's inexpensive so it's not taking away from the fund for the expensive wedding band he wants and it gives him something to wear to distinguish him from the "boyfriend" to the "fiance." It's great, has a nice shine, I highly recommend it. <end>  Big Repeated Horrible Problems!  We kept tring to order this ring... we must have sent it back about times... it kept coming back in a 2mm width when we wanted 2.5mm. W ended up not getting it at all. The thign is we already have the other one of the set (the girl's ring) and it s pretty great, so we kept it and now we need to find the mathing men's ring. Very disapointing process. Amazn is great and they were cool about giving us our money back, but we wanted this ring and they just couldn't figure out how to give us what we ordered... about 5 times! <end>
 B0000AWXCI  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXFM  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXGB  14k White Gold 3mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Great ring  I apreciated the high quality of this item and was pleased that it was even more attractive than the picture depicts. It was the perfect fit and a great choice to go with my 1/2 carat marquis diamond. I had difficulty finding something that would fit with my ring but this was a perfect match. <end>  Nice Ring  High quality ring - my wife and I have worn our rings for over a year and they are holding up well. The ring comes in a nice box and is classy, understated and a great value. <end>  Satisfied Customer  The ring was shipped in a timely manner and it was as described. I am very pleased with it. <end>  NIce!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was much cuter than the web visual. Actually, we were afraid it would be large, but it wasn't. It was just the right size, & he loved it. <end>  3 mm Plain Half Round Band  Love the ring although I found it was too thin so I returned it and got the 5 mm ring instead. I was looking for a more substantial band to wear by itself in place of my normal 2 (diamond) rings, esp. when I am running or traveling. For anyone wanting this 3 mm size, though, it is a beautiful ring. <end>
 B0000AWXRB  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWXRX  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWXWT  14k White Gold 4mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Wedding Band  Ordered this as a replacement wedding band for my husband's lost ring. Great quality for the price -- about $200 cheaper than I could find at local jewelers. It's sleek, shiny and thin so if that's what you are looking for in a men's band--this is the ring for you. <end>  Great Ring for a Great Price  Loved this ring a lot. It is just plain regular ring as you can see in the store, but the Amazon price beat them all. Great value for your money.I know probably you thought that the ring may easily scratched. Well, that's may be true. The thing is there is no ring with this kind of polished (shiny) can be scratch proof.Well, buy this. You won't regret your choice. <end>  Just As it Looks  This ring looks great, it is just as shiny as it looks in the picture. It was true to its size. It was the best price I could find anywhere for this style and width. <end>  WONDERFUL!!  bought as a replacement when i LOST my diamond wedding set..ugg. true to size and wonderful quality! have had it for over a year now and it has held up wonderfully... will recommend to anyone needing a ring! <end>  wedding bands  They are just great, are exactly how i was expected and delivered in time. Thank you very much. <end>  Just what I was looking for  It's a simple band, but it looks great with my engagement ring. I haven't actually been able to wear much it yet to know anything about durability (my wedding is still a month away), but I am very pleased with how it looks. I am also pleased with Amazon's service with this product. <end>  Stunning!  This ring is stunning, gorgeous. And you can't beat the price!  -) My fiancee wanted gold, I wanted white gold, obviously I "won". But he is more than satisfied with the white gold, this is a very classy-looking ring. <end>  White Gold Ring  This is a nice ring. It is simple and elegant. The price was quite reasonable, when compared to other stores that I searched. I reccomend this ring as a wedding ring for a young couple just starting out. It would be great for a college student's budget. <end>  affordable, classy ring  This ring was well worth the price. It has a lovely shine and fits true to size. It is a very light, thin ring, so it you want something heavy with a thicker consistency to the metal, this may not be for you but as I said it is well worth the price! I'm very pleased. <end>  happy  This item came in only 2 days and in perfect condition! It is a very nice ring - shiny, smooth nice weight/width! Very impressed. <end>  Nice - worth the price  I bought this to wear everyday on my pinkie. It does scratch a bit but is worth the price. <end>  Nice and simple.  We wanted very simple gold wedding bands and we got exactly what we were looking for in these rings (my husband has the 5mm version). We're big on "sentimental value" over "flash", but IMHO, the rings look more expensive than what we paid. Very good value for the money. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!! NO REGRETS WHATSOEVER  It was exactly as described. Beautiful ring, perfect fit, classy finish. I know I would have probably paid double the price or more had I attempted to purchase similar from a jewelry store <end>  Scratched up in 5 days  While this ring is very comfortable and lightweight, I've worn it less than a week and the ring is in terrible condition. Nothing I've done in the few days it's been worn should have caused so many scratches and nicks (stay-at-home mom). <end>  loved it  it is a beautiful ring. very shiny and classy. my boyfriend loves wearing it. <end>  A Decent Ring For Work  I bought this ring here at Amazon a few years back, after losing my wedding band. I was about to buy two rings to replace the one lost; one would be a nicer ring with the comfort fit and high gloss, and one would be to wear at work, where it wouldn't matter if it got dinged and scraped up.I purchased the "nice" wedding band, which looks almost identical to this one, from a friend who manages a jewelry store. It has the comfort fit (rounding of the edges) and fit perfectly. That ring cost over twice as much as I paid for this ring.This ring I purchased only a few years ago for half of what it costs today to wear as my "work" ring. I didn't want to wear a nice ring to work and get it all scraped and messed up. It was a good decision.This ring does NOT have the comfort fit so you do feel the edges and on occasion they bite a little into your finger. Also, I bought this ring using the very same measurements I got when measured for the nicer ring, and this ring feels about a half size small compared to the nicer ring.All in all, it's held up well and even though it's all scraped up, dinged and dull, it still looks pretty nice on the finger. At twice the price I paid for it, you may be able to find a better deal. But if you are looking for a good second wedding band to work in, you may want to check this one out. <end>
 B0000AWY4I  14k White Gold 5mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Pretty much what you'd expect  This is your pretty standard, no-frills ring, which is just what I was looking for. Looks nice, and I liked the amount of thickness it has; it has substance, but isn't clunky.My only complaint is that it *barely* fits on my finger; I'm going to have it stretched either a 1/4 size or an 1/8 size at a jeweler. I'm not sure if that's a measuring error on my part or of the manufacturer, but since I'm not sure I'll dock it one star. <end>  Great ring (for a guy), inexpensive but a little wide...  Buy a plastic ring size set. Wear different plastic rings for a 1/2 hour or so to get the correct size that does not fall off but does not make your finger swell.I bought this for my wedding in the spring of 2006. I wear it every day and it looks fine. Gold is going up because I paid under $100 on amazon. You should not go any wider then this band or it will dig into your finger a little.I wear this ring every day and it has held up fine including getting soap or degreaser on it.I bought "estate jewelery" which means it is used or not a new ring aka "setting" with no stone that was real platinum from a friend and I bought a man made stimulant sapphire stone of 1.5 carrot for my wife and the quality was so good that the jewelery store manager asked me how many carrots it was it looks that real. The stone cost ~ $36 online! Having it mounted and the ring resized cost ~ $300!Guys  don't waste your money on blood diamonds from corrupt countries. Get a top quality CZ or cubic zirconium stone and keep the carrot size to 1.0 to 1.5 qt max (or people won't believe it is real unless you are rich). There is no need to waste money on a platinum ring for the guy - white gold WILL MATCH your brides Platinum just fine and amazon rock! So many crooks in the jewelery industry it is not funny. Btw, walmart sells junk. <end>  Amazon.com your online jewler  If you're worried about quality from Amazon as your online jeweler, don't. Beautiful products top of the line quality! <end>  Exactly what I wanted  The ring was exactly what I wanted and the price was too good to be true. It was beautiful. <end>  Ring  When we saw this ring is was extremely shiny. with thought it had more of a dull finish, but it was so shiny you can see yourself in it. It is not how it looks in the picture. Also the sizing is off. if you are going to order this you'll need to order it about half a size larger than your ring size. <end>  5mm Half Round Band  I love my 14K white gold 5 mm plain half round band! Originally I purchased a 3 mm band and found it too thin so I got the 5 mm instead. I wanted a more substantial feeling and looking band to wear by itself, esp. when I am out for a run or traveling and don't want to worry about wearing my normal 2 (diamond) rings. I would purchase this same ring again. <end>  Nice ring, but sizing is an issue  Ring is all right, but now I have to send it back because the sizing is off. I am possitive that the ring is incorrectly sized as I have other rings in the size I ordered which fit perfectly. Now I have to spend money sending it back to get it exchanged. <end>  Great Buy  I think this ring is a great buy. We had purchased a ring identical to this one at JCPenney and it cost us over $200. Then I found this ring for less than half so we ordered it and returned the other ring. It is just as nice as the more expensive ring. Great for a guy who wants something classic and simple. <end>  Size off by 1/4 of a size  Total ripoff. Cost me additional 70 USD to get the size right. This was no coincidence and almost spoiled the special day for us. Stay away from this... <end>
 B0000AWZ16  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ4Q  14k White Gold 8mm Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Great price  I paid $180.00 for it 4 years ago! Others stores where asking $350.00 and up for this same type of ring. Note  it does not have alot of gold in the ring but it's still 14k gold(white). Nothing fancy but what you see is what you get. Get a half size bigger because of the width. <end>
 B0000AWZ7Q  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZE6  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZEY  14k White Gold 2.5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Good ring for the price  My husband bought this for me to accompany my engagement ring. It is a good ring for the price. It's simple and comfortable. <end>  Simple. Elegant. Affordable.  Simple and elegant. The milgrain edge adds a touch of sophistication and the half round band gives the ring more interest compared to flat milgrain bands. It's also wears very comfortably on the finger. The price is great for a 14K gold band. Only wished it had more size and material(like 18K or platinum) options. But overall a great classic wedding band. <end>
 B0000AWZH1  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZI2  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZK4  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZL7  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZP8  14k White Gold 3mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Loved it  Really, really comfortable. I never take it off, I wear it in place of my engagement ring and matching wedding band. Since those rings have stones, I am always taking them off to do housework and such. I also use to take them off to sleep. Now I keep them for nicer occasions. <end>  Great Ring - Fits Perfectly  I purchased this ring for my wedding band, and it looks wonderful! We looked at many jewelry stores for suitable rings, and I liked this style the best. But the prices at the stores for this type of ring were at least $150. So I checked amazon.com and found this ring. It arrived quickly and it looks beautiful. One cautionary note -- I originally ordered this ring in a size 5.5, which is the size of my engagement ring, but when it arrived, it was too small. I returned that ring and ordered another one in size 6, which fits perfectly. So if you order this ring, I would order a half-size larger than what you usually need. <end>  14K white gold ring 3mm  I liked this ring it was actually really nice. It was small, but you are looking for something more affordable, and you like white gold this is the ring for you! <end>  excellent value  I ordered this ring to wear with my diamond wedding ring, it just needed a little something extra. The ring looks excellent, adds just a little oomph that my ring needed. And for the price, the value was excellent. Band would be a little too narrow to wear alone, but with another ring it looks (and feels) great. <end>  Beautiful  This is my husband's wedding band. He's had it for two years and it is still as beautiful as the day we got married! <end>  Enchanted  Very pleased with the purchase.... we bought 2 rings, one for my husband, very pleased with the items..... really a great deal for the price.... we love them <end>
 B0000AWZYR  14k White Gold 4mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  I would give this 1.5 stars if I could  My husband did a wonderful job picking out my engagement ring (a 1.75 carat princess cut center stone and two half carat trillion side stones) but I did a poor job picking this as my wedding band. I knew that we would upgrade our wedding bands later on so I picked this one because I thought that it would look fine, it wasn't a big deal, and it would sit nicely with my ring. I'm glad that we didn't purchase two as top and bottom band. Nevertheless, the ring was initially fine but we're in year 3 of our marriage and the ring has turned some bizarre color that looks horrible with my other ring. I've tried getting it cleaned and it'll come back to a relative state of ehh and a week later it'll look ehh again. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend this ring....I can only give it a blah. <end>
 B0000AWZZF  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX028  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX072  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX08G  14k White Gold 5mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Just Right  My husband works for a freight company and pushes and pulls heavy boxes all day long. This ring is perfect. It has the milgrain accent around the edges to make it a little more elegant and yet is still plain and durable enough to whether his roughness on it. This ring was a great buy, the cheapest I found it on another site was $120.00. At this price with the free shipping too, I really got a great deal. <end>  Great ring!  I bought this for my fiance as a surprise for our wedding and it is really great! The price was amazing and it is really beautiful. We are very happy with this ring. <end>  Excellent Ring  Thanks Amazon.com for this beautiful ring. I'm getting married next month and this ring was perfect. My fiance' loves it and it fits perfectly. The craftmanship is flawless and the price was unbelieveable too. Thank you for the extra fast shipping, especially since I live near where Hurricane Katrina touchdowned. <end>  Surprised!!!!!!!!! The Quality is the same if not better than at Any Jewelry Store!  The quality of the ring is phenomenal can't believe the price. I purchased at a great price. The same ring at the mall retails for $(). I got this for more than half the price. The ring is weight is incredible. Buy with confidence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Beautiful!!  Great purchase for the price! Well worth the money and then some. Absolutely beautiful. <end>  Blew her mind away!  This ring is also great for brides. She loved it, just loved it. The first thing she said is how shiny and clean it looks, loved the milgrain.We couldn't ask for better bands. <end>  Nice ring  Just what I expected. I've had it for 7 months and it still looks good. <end>
 B0000AX0F5  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0GD  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0JO  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AX0KN  14k White Gold 6mm Milgrain Half Round Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!  AFTER ONLY TWO MONTHS, MY HUSBANDS WEDDING BAND LOOKS VERY DULL. ALMOST GREEN. THERE IS NO SHINE WHATSOEVER AND IT LOOKS LIKE A CHEAP PIECE OF METAL. I AM SO EMBARRASSED THAT I GAVE IT TO MY HUSBAND ON OUR WEDDING DAY WHICH WAS SO BEAUTIFUL. I WILL HAVE TO HAVE IT RE PLATED OR SOMETHING, BECAUSE IT LOOKS UGLY. SO MY ADVISE IS SPEND A BIT MORE MONEY IF YOU WANT THAT "GOLD" LOOK TO REMAIN BEAUTIFUL AND SHINY LIKE NEW. <end>  i loved it!!!  I BOUGHT THIS WEDDING BAND FOR MY HUSBAND, FOR OUR LAS VEGAS WEDDING. IT HAS HIS FRIENDS DYING OF ENVY. THEY LOVE THE DETAIL AND FIT.THANK! <end>  I'm glad I found this ring  I needed to replace my lost wedding band and I found this ring. My original wedding band was this exact ring. The only difference was the one on Amazon was about half the cost of what local retailers wanted for a 10k version (Amazon 14k!) of the same style ring.I was a little bit hesitant after reading one or two of the other reviews, but now that I have this ring, I thought I had to contribute some positive reviews. I have no regrets as of yet for having purchased this ring. It has not faded or turned my finger green or any of that mess. Just a good ring for a great price. Thanks. <end>  A very nice ring  I don't have a clue what the first 2 reviewers were talking about, the ring i got was exactly as advertised, a nice 14k 6mm Milgrain cut ring. I ordered the 5mm which was a nice ring as well, just felt like i wanted a 6mm size after seeing that the 5mm was a little too dainty for me so i returned to 5mm size. Nice ring, would highly recommend. <end>  IT IS GETTING DARK  THE RING THAT I BOUGHT IS GETTING DARK, I GOT MARIED ONE MONTH AGO AND THE RING ITS GETTIN UGLY, DARK, DOESNT HAVE SHINE ANY MORE..IS IT WHITE GOLD??? I DONT THINK SO... IT WAS A BAD CHOICE... <end>
 B0000AYMYP  14k Yellow Gold Knife-Edge Knot Earrings ||	  Amazon Delivers best gold quality  High Quality, Great price...Amazon collection for gold is by far the best on the web...Highest Quality, Superb Packaging and trustworthy....Five Stars.... <end>  Make that Ten Stars  These earrings are exquisite. Made by Leach and Garner (Aurafin), they are the finest workmanship. The gold is as smooth as melted butter to the touch, and they are pure comfort to wear. The price is unbelievable! <end>
 B0000AYO5F  14k Yellow Gold Blue Chalcedony (12x10mm) Ring, Size 5 ||	  Substantial and beautifully made ring.  I was extremely pleased the moment that I opened the ring box. The gold is thick and perfectly formed, and the stone is gorgeous and clean!What an amazing deal, this is a very high quality ring. <end>  Clean and elegant  This ring lets the stone shine. A beautiful turquoise color - it will go with all your tourquoise pieces. It has a very clean and elegant look. I've ordered all the matching pieces to go with it. <end>
 B0000AYOFQ  14k White Gold Floating Blue Topaz (12x10mm) Ring, Size 7 ||	  Excellent Quality  This is a beautiful ring. My wife gets complements everytime she wears it. The sizing tool was accurate and helpful. We will continue to look for great deals like this in the Jewelry section <end>
 B0000AYOKL  14k White Gold Checkerboard Faceted Aquamarine (6x6mm) and Diamond Ring, Size 6 ||	  this ring is stunning! so says one person  I was looking to replace a blue topaz Cartier Tank ring knockoff that I had gotten at Costco for about 150, and recently lost. At the time I bought that ring, I had actually wanted an aquamarine stone, but such is the shopping experience at Costco  no variety. I was sad to lose the ring, but when the opportunity came up to seek a replacement, I thought I'd try online at Amazon. This time, I was going to do it right and get the gemstone I really wanted.Initially I was disappointed that, for this ring, the 2 pictures that were provided by Amazon only showed the top of the ring at an angle. The second photo was a true profile, which was great, but not nearly enough to cut the mustard. There should definitely be at least one true aerial view of the ring to get a sense of what it looks like when you are staring straight down at it. And because jewelry shopping is a very tactile and look-and-feel kind of experience, online jewelry shopping is conceptually at a severe disadvantage. To make up for this, there should be no fewer than 4 pictures of any piece of jewelry that is sold online - this would make it much easier for customers to make a decision, and likely minimize the number of returns. Regardless, I worked with what I had, and I made the decision that it looked great on Amazon, and that I would buy it.When I received the ring, I was very pleased with how classy and beautiful it looked in the box. I was really surprised at how engagement ring-ish it appeared, because the hue of the stone was so subtle that it could almost appear clear at some angles. In the pictures, it looks like a much deeper blue. (Luckily, I wear it on my middle finger, so as not to give off any incorrect signals.) The picture also makes the metal look much heavier and more substantial than it really ended up being. The top half is more or less hollow - and it's hard to tell that from the picture (though, if Amazon indicated metal weight in grams, the customer might be able to at least guess. Sigh.) I'm not saying that the ring is weak or malleable, by any means. The metal is quite strong - it's just significantly lighter than I expected. The fake Cartier Tank ring that this was replacing was very bold and robust and it felt heavy and solid, qualities that I really liked and had hoped to recapture a bit of with this new ring. In general, this aquamarine ring is much daintier than I had expected from the images shown, and not at all the solid, strong piece I had gone in looking for.Though expectations were different from reality, fortunately, for me, I actually don't mind the differences and I quite like the ring. This may not be true for every customer, so it's safe to say that a recommendation from me should be taken with a huge grain of salt! I can see how every piece of jewelry could conceivably get a positive recommendation from at least one person, and we know that we've all seen ugly jewelry before, so who is to say you won't find this ring to be hideous? For me and my specific hand, the ring is a perfect size, perfect color, and perfect style. And I really owe it all to luck, make no mistake. It easily could have gone the other way.The most important point to take away from this review is to be sure that whichever merchant you buy from has an excellent return policy (which Amazon does). When making expensive purchases like jewelry, sight unseen, it's important to know that you can easily return the item. Only if you are my "hand-twin" can I unequivocally and in good conscience recommend this ring to you. Otherwise, all we can do is hope for the best. <end>
 B0000AZ0YA  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 5mm Round Garnet Stud Earrings ||	  Great Garnet studs  These little garnet studs are exactly what I've been looking for and at such a good price, they are a great deal.The stones have a nice color, seem well matched and are not too small. 5mm is perfect for every day.For the price it's hard to pass 'em up (less than half of what i had been looking at). From this positive experience, I'd buy other Amazon.com jewelry, particularly the earrings. <end>  Wonderful for you or for a gift  Last week Amazon ran these earrings on the Friday sale for $19.99 with super saver status besides. The 5mm size is perfect for every day or evening wear. My daughter-in-law's 40th birthday is tomorrow, and they came today; shipping was very prompt and trackable. Of course we are giving her other things, but these were well worth the price and should be beautiful with her dark brown hair. The only thing I did wrong was ordering one pair instead of two so that I could have one. I'll be watching for Amazon to run these on special again. <end>  Simply lovely  I'm always looking for nice stud earrings. Besides, garnets are one of my favorite stones. I love their special shade of red that makes them very pleasing to the eye. These dainty earrings are very lovely and well made. They are very comfortable to wear too. I could have gotten the larger ones but 5mm are perfect for when I want to dress up my ears without feeling like I'm overdoing it. They are simple yet they shine beautifully. I got these earrings when they were on sale for $19.99 and if I see them on sale again, I'll probably buy another pair to give away next Christmas. <end>  For small ears  I ordered this Garnet Stud Earrings 5mm for a gif, I really liked the color and quality of the stone; the earrings are small preferable for kids or an adult with small ears. Shipping was very fast. I paid $35.00 and I saw them next day of my purchase for 19.00 I could not cancel my order because it was already processed I was a little disappointed, no ones fault. "Happy customer" <end>  Delighted with the earrings!  I just received my garnet earrings. I am very happy with the price 19.99 and quality of the garnet stones. I was pleasantly surprised by the setting as well.The 5mm size is perfect. I didn't want anything gaudy!All in all, I am quite happy with this purchase. <end>
 B0000AZ0YO  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 5mm Round Peridot Stud Earrings ||	  What's not to like?  Unbeatable for the price--I haven't seen anything that comes close to the quality without costing a great deal more. I'm totally baffled by the reviewer who said they were uncomfortable (they're basic studs; unless you have very unusual ears, they are neither more nor less comfortable than any others), not the expected size (stated size was 5 mm; they are, indeed, 5 mm), and not the expected color (they are peridots; their color is...well...peridot). I've bought several pairs of earrings from Amazon and they have all exceeded my expectations given the price. <end>  Uncomfortable merchandise  My husband and I are very disappointed with this item. It is very uncomfortable to wear, not the size we expected or the color green. We want to return this item. How do we go about it? <end>
 B0000AZ106  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 6x4mm Oval Blue Topaz Stud Earrings ||	  my favorite earrings....  These have quickly become my favorite earrings. The pair I received is beautiful - the stones are clear and bright blue. The facets are basic (not elaborate or brilliant by any means) but at this price, I'm overjoyed with the look. The backs stay snugly fastened and the earrings are very versatile - matching jeans to dressy work clothes. Posts are sturdy, but not too thick. Highly recommended. <end>  Exactly as Pictured  These earrings are exactly the color as pictured, a little lighter blue then the earrings I lost that these are replacing, but true to the image on Amazon. They are 6mmx4mm, so before ordering check out a ruler and see if that size works for you. For me it was just right.My only criticism is that I wish the prongs had a little more bend around the stones. It seems as if the prongs are straight and I'm wondering if one day I might find a stone missing...but so far so good. <end>  Satisfied  I purchased these for my Aunt as a Christmas present. They are beautiful. At first I thought they were very small, then tried them on and wow. They are just the right size and they sparkle and shine. I want a pair for myself. I know she will love them. They are a beautiful blue color and they do match an old blue topaz bracelet that I own. <end>  Blue Topaz? Hard to tell!  These are not as pictured. I objected to the color (a shade of blue that I am not familiar with) because they will not match with any of my traditional blue topaz jewelry, nor will they match the blue topaz I have already purchased for gifts. Hard to tell what kind of stone these earrings are based on the color. However, perfect size for studs with a nice setting. Sadly, for my purposes, these can't be "keepers." Please note the word "coated" in the description. <end>  Disappointed!  These earrings had a really pale blue color and they were much smaller than expected, but they did match my sister's necklace color. <end>  Small but pretty  Negatives Small, if that's not what you are looking for(most women now days seem to prefer the larger dangly type).Positives Very pretty and well priced.Recommend it?Once again if small is what you are looking for this is it. Well of course you say, they are stud earrings after all. I'm telling you they are small, even for average stud type earrings, but they are pretty and my wife likes them. <end>
 B0000AZ10I  14k Gold 7x5mm Oval-Shaped Gemstone Stud Earrings ||	  As bright as the image  Bought a pair for my wife. She loves this color. I was pleased the product was as advertised. Arrived in a timely fashion and my wife was very pleased. <end>  Beautiful earrings  Beautiful earrings. Great color, the setting is secure, and they catch the light. Great price for great quality. My Mom loved these for her Birthday. <end>  stones are smaller than i imagined  when i viewed these earrings online the presentation looked fine. when i received the actual product it was disappointing. i would have preferred a slightly larger stone. really sad about that. i don't think i'll trust buying similar products online. not happy. <end>  Very happy purchase!  They are small but just right when you want to wear studs. The color is a little darker than the picture but still very nice. Have gotten many compliments when using them. Over all a very happy purchase. <end>  Scored Big Points  I scored big points with my mom by giving these to her for her birthday. She wants a matching ring now. The blue stones are a color she really loves. Take that, sis!  ) <end>  Dainty but attractive earrings  14k White Gold 11 x 9 Oval Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Stud EarringsThese earrings can be worn anywhere with anything....for your favorite lady ! <end>  Very nice product  These earrings came very quickly and were very pretty. I would buy from this merchant again. <end>  nice earings  They are very nice earings. The shippment is fast. For the price, it is a good deal. I only feel the color is kind of light, not dark enough. <end>  Very Nice  I got these as a St. Pats gift for my daughter so she hasn't received them yet. I don't think they are the bright green as shown but are still quite nice and worth the special daily price I paid. They will give a subtle color punch and that's what I was looking for since she does not wear heavy or large jewelry. <end>  Sweet deal!  I got these as a daily deal, and I'm so glad that I did. Even though I had to wait a couple months, they are worth it. The price is fantastic, (even the regularly listed price), for a very nice cut, vibrantly green and well matched stone. The setting is sturdy, and ranks right up there with very expensive jewelers. Simply a can't miss earring! <end>  A bargain!  These are a steal at $29. The stones are a decent size, with a nice, even color. They were perfectly matched, well-set, and have reasonably-sized backs. Don't hesitate to order them - you won't be disappointed. <end>  unexpected quality  Far more than I expected for a mere $30. Remarkably clear, with rich and uniform color. Clean, elegant cut. Very well-matched pair in strong settings. Strong incentive to follow up by buying more. <end>  Beautiful Peridot earrings  Peridot is my birthstone. Twenty to 30 years ago, I purchased 6 mm round peridot earrings for around $110 from I. Magnin. The oval earrings from Amazon compare favorably in the amount of gold and stone size. From there, the color and cut of the perfectly matched peridots on the Amazon pair are clearly superior. The picture doesn't do them justice. These earrings cost me less than $18 including super saver shipping. Anyone who loves peridots is going to love these earrings. <end>  Post is on top, not in the center  I ordered these earrings for my sister for her birthday. I had read another review that said the posts were on the top of the earring, but I double checked the images and they clearly show the posts being in the center of the stone. This is important because if the post is at the top of the stone the earrings sit too low on your ear and they look weird. Sure enough, when I asked my sister about the location of the posts (she lives in another state, so I haven't seen them personally) she said that they were on the top of the setting. Needless to say, I'm upset. Obviously, the images are supposed to be an accurate depiction of what you are buying!!! I feel deceived. That being said, she did say that stones are very clear and pretty and that she doesn't mind the posts being on top as she has long ear lobes (she could have been saying that so she didn't hurt my feelings). Anyway, be forewarned the posts are on the top of the setting, not in the center. <end>  Good quality  I ordered the earrings and when they came I was very pleased. There are no visible flaws and they catch the light beautifully. <end>  Lovely  These earrings look much nicer in person. They are lovely, rich-blue and sparkly topaz stones. They have polished, and substantial white gold settings.These are not too small and not too large. Just right for every day.The price is excellent too! It was packaged extremely well. Apart from the exterior packaging the earrings were enclosed inside a felt jewelry box which was within another gift box.This was my first jewelry puchase from Amazon. I was not disappointed and will look for other jewelry needs from Amazon in the future  ) <end>  Great value.  I purchased these studs about 4 months ago for around $21. For the money it is an exceptional value. The stones are a good size and are easily visible and the color is clear and vibrant. I wear the earrings probably 3-4 times a month and have had no problem with the earring backs falling off. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend. <end>  Simple but Pretty Earrings  I waited a long time for these to be shipped and quite honestly, I signed on to cancel the order only to find they were finally preparing for shipment. Since I'd ordered them as an early August birthday gift and it then was almost September, these became no longer a gift for this year. In December, someone else will receive a lovely pair of pretty green peridot earrings that can be worn every day. They are of a very fine quality that I would definitely wear myself. I see nothing to criticize about either these bright stones or the well-made yellow gold earrings. Nicely matched, too. <end>  Gorgeous Green Peridots  I must admit I was somewhat leery about purchasing these earrings, sight unseen. However, I was very pleased when the package arrived & I opened the box. The shade of green was exactly what I was hoping it would be; a nice medium shade with no inclusions.The earrings are bright, clear & perfectly matched. I would have rated the earrings 5 Stars if the gold through the ear had been a little more substantial. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought these earrngs as a gift and I can tell you since they are 14k gold they cost a lot less than others I have found. They have a beautiful sparkle and the color is awesome. I'm so glad I got these and had a hard time giving them away. I will buy some for myself next time! <end>  Good gift  Wife loves them and wears them often. Especially for St.Patrick's day!I got brownie points for getting a good gift from her and her friends.And to boot, they where inexpensive as jewelery goes.What more can a guy ask for. <end>  Nice Earrings  These were purchased for my 21-year old daughter, who was very pleased with them. They look very nice and seem to offer quality in construction. Delivery was quick. I'm satisfied with the purchase. <end>  Garnets and gold  I've had many a pair of earrings over the years, but this pair has become my favorite. First, I love garnet. This one has a stone that is a little more orange than I would have liked, but it is neutral enough to go with just about everything I wear. Second, there is no substitute for gold, especially if you have sensitive skin, as I do. No more lobe irritation or having to quit wearing earrings for a couple of weeks at a time because the metal irritated my skin. These lovely gems are a delight. My favorite self-indulgence. <end>  Beautiful in person  I was a little leary purchasing jewelry like this from anywhere online. I couldn't find in stores so I decided to go ahead. The picture does them no justice, they are beautiful in person. And you can't complain about the price! <end>  Very Nice  They are a nice size. They have good stones with the color represented as in the picture. Also the setting is perfectly simple and clean, which I really like. <end>  Beautiful peridot earrings for a bargain  These earrings a beautiful light green peridots and at the $34 I paid for them, a bargain. The posts and backs are adequate to the earring size. The posts are offset as shown in the picture, not centered on the back of the earring, be aware before you buy. <end>  Beautiful, bright, perfectly matched periodots  Bought these for my wife for Christmas, and could not resist giving them to her a few days early as soon as I saw how splendid they were - she put them on as soon as they were out of the package, and loves them. The color is exactly as described, with a fine sparkle and hidden depths. The setting is solid enough to hold the jewels firmly, the back secure and comfortable (so I am told). Great price for a perfect gift. <end>  garnet earrings  The product was exactly what they said it would be. I recieved it in a timely manner. I am very pleased. <end>  Very nice.  Due to a jewelry allergy, it is hard to find earrings that are reasonably priced. I was very pleased with the price of these earrings & they are really pretty. <end>  Pretty and Well Made Garnet Earings  My husband just gave me a pair of these garnet earrings as an early Valentine's Day gift. They're well made, and the stones are beautiful with a very nice color. I had already read that the post was on the top, so when I got these it wasn't a surprise, but had the post been in the center, I'd have given the earrings 5 stars instead of 4. Still pretty nice - I'm wearing them right now. <end>  great earrings - but stones not as dark as the picture shows  I like wearing these earrings - they are simple and classic in design and since I require gold posts (get knots in my ears with other types of metal posts), the challenge is being able to afford multiple pairs and colors. For $33, I am quite satisfied with these even though the stones are not as bright and darkly colored as the picture indicates (hence four stars for this truth in advertising issue). The posts are sturdy and backs fit securely. Peridote stones are translucent and free of visible inclusions. The color goes nicely with my spring wardrobe. Appropriate for all ages. I'd highly recommend them. <end>  Sparkly  These are really lovely earrings. Got them for my mom's birthday, and they're a nice size, lots of sparkle, pretty color. <end>  Worth the money!  These are perhaps the nicest garnet earring I have ever seen in this price range. They are worth the money, you won't be disappointed. <end>  Garnet Studs  These are attractive earrings. The stones are clear not flawed or cloudy. The setting is secure. I wear them at least once a week. They would make a lovely gift. <end>  A gift for Mom  I bought these for my mom for her birthday. She knows jewelry, and she loved these. She said she had never seen such clear peridot before. She was very surprised that I bought them from Amazon. She and I did not know you could get such quality jewelry from Amazon. They are the perfect size for a second piercing. I have enjoyed every piece I have bought from Amazon. Their customer service is excellent and free shipping is very quick. I would recommend these, but hurry, last time they were out of stock for quite a while. <end>  Good little set of earrings  I think these are excellent, they look good and the color is a deep rich red. <end>  Excellent Quality  I bought these earrings for a gift, and I was very, very pleased with the quality. They are exactly as pictured. I would highly recommend this item...especially at this price! <end>  incredible  OMG, much more than i expected, so happy i took the word of the positive reviewers...had reservations about buying a second pair online, the previous pair, not from the amazon collection, stones were way smaller than i expected, backs were so small that once you dropped one it was gone, just too small to find, thats how i wound up buying this pair...what an absolute bargin these were, thank you amazon, first yes, the stones are lighter than the photo, for me i like the colored ice look they give, stones to me look 1/2 carat,reasonable amount of gold and the backs, though not as big as they were made many years ago, still they are adequate and bigger than the one i just lost.if you are on the fence about this one, i do not believe you will have any regrets if you do purchase them... <end>  Great value  These are such a pretty colour you cant help but love them. They are very light to wear and nicely made. A great purchase. <end>  very nice earring set  my girlfriend was very happy with these - what more could i ask for ? this is a very nice earring set. the stones are a good size, certainly not big but not teeny either. (it would help me, at least, if they didn't list their sizes in mm - this is always hard for me to interpret.) great color, nice little stones that are nicely mounted in yellow gold - they look sharp, and look much more expensive than they were. i am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Garnet Earring Studs  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of these 14k Yellow Gold Four Prong 7x5mm Oval Garnet Stud Earrings. The color of the stone is a true Garnet color (reddish-brown). I was, however, a little disappointed that the gold post was not centered and the backs were quite small. The price was reasonable and the size of the stone was perfect. I am glad I made this purchase. <end>  Nice color peridot  Bright, clear stone. These are small earrings, not too flashy. Lightweight, comfortable setting, easy to wear. <end>  love these!  i bought these for myself and when i got them, i was really pleased with the craftmanship and the gems - clear and have a good sparkle. i wear them everyday although i am always afraid i would lose one or both because the post-friction-backs are too small. i often tighten and re-tighten them just to make sure. but i think they are quite secure. overall, a good value product. <end>  Picture doesn't do it justice!  The earrings would have sold for 4 times as much in a jewelry store on sale. They really were stunning for the price. <end>  Quality Workmanship  I was very happy with the earrings. Actually I was surprised at the quality. They're not AAA grade peridot, but they still have good color and no defects. Additionally, the stones were solidly set with no jiggle. For the price and buying them sight unseen, I was extremely happy with the product. <end>  Topaz Earrings  The earrings were nice. They were larger than I thought they were probably going to be. They got here quickly, even with supersaver shipping. <end>  Beautiful quality  I'm very pleased with this purchase, especially having bought them during an Amazon sale. The blue is clear and bright, the setting is secure, and they fit well on the ears. The post is a little higher than center so I often find myself turning them to be sure they are falling correctly, but it really doesn't make a difference. The white gold really complements the blue and I much prefer these set in white rather than yellow gold because of the very cool color of the stones. For those who have light colored eyes, these are especially complementary. I have received numerous compliments when wearing these and I wear these very, very often, sometimes not removing them for weeks at a time. <end>  "Lady in red"  These are much smaller than I thought they would be, however I like the shape and the quality seems good. <end>  Quality garnets  There is no question that the stones in these earrings, for $19.99 (plus super saver status) are first rate in color and size. The reason these earrings don't get five stars from me is that they come with pretty small earring backs. For the size of the earrings, not to mention that the posts are not centered, the backs are too small. Considering that they are rated as being worth $75, they should have larger backs. <end>  Very Nice  I loved the dark color and the size of the earrings. The color matched another smaller pair I have. I can also where a Garnet Pendant that matches them. There well worth the reasonable price and there 14K gold too. <end>  Pleased  Earrings were sent to my daughter in FL as a small gift. My daughter was very pleased with color and size. Says she wears them often. <end>  Nice item  Size looks little small But the stone quality is good.Mounting is good.I lost one back when I was brushing my hair, But was able to find it after 6 hours. I wish the backs are made some what more sturdy. <end>  Nice front; bad back.  Nice enough earring but butterfly clip in the back was inadequate. Lost one of the pair off an earlobe within the week. Easy come, easy go. <end>  Be leary!  Positive  Arrived quickly - 3 days after ordered.Negatives  Very inferior, very thin 14WG settings. My earrings were returned because one of the posts was curved, yes curved, not straight.When called, I received excellent service from CS agent. However, I still have not received a credit for the returned earrings. It has been nearly a month -- way too long for issuing my credit! <end>  garnet earrings review  The product came very quickly & comes in a beatiful black velvet bag. The earring are also very beautiful. <end>  beauty, but too big  It's a good earring, but when my mom wears it, the topaz is too big for her. I think it can look better if the topaz was smaller. The color is pretty good, but I prefer dark blue. The price is good too. <end>
 B0000AZ10K  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 7x5mm Oval Blue Topaz Stud Earrings ||	  14K Beautiful For A Great Price  The size is very good and the color is intense. It was given to me as a gift. It completes a set that I have  a ring, a necklace, and the earrings. And the price for such quality is amazing, only $29. <end>
 B0000AZ10S  14K Yellow Gold Four Prong 6x4mm Pear Shape Blue Topaz Leverback Earrings ||	  blue topaz pear shape earrings  The earrings are merely acceptable in color. Descriptive terms &quot;dazzling, vivid ice blue with fire&quot; are an exaggeration. I would describe the gemstones as a faded denim color. The stones were small and slightly unmatched in size but that really wasn't as important as the color to me. The 14 carat leverbacks are very nice. I would not recommend the earrings unless someone was looking for light colored stones. The price however is very reasonable. <end>
 B0000AZ11B  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Color Gemstone Flower Bracelet ||	  Jewelry for Skanks  Where did Paris Hilton come from? (This is a rhetorical question  All babies pretty much still come from the same place).Who can remember back to the day they first heard the name "Paris Hilton"? It could not have been more than two years ago.I remember well the headlines about the various R-rated escapades of Paris Hilton. At first, I thought  The AP writers really ought to check their stylebooks, because they are anthropomorphizing the Hilton hotel in Paris, France. Then, I finally saw a picture of said Paris Hilton and found out that it was not at all the hotel, but the teenaged miscreant Tochter of the owners of the aforementioned hotel chain.Yet, two years later, more skeptical people are still asking the question  "What has Paris Hilton actually *done*, besides being born into a rich family and behaving in the fashion of an irresponsible tramp?"Well, now we have found out what she has done  She has lent her name to a line of tacky products that are just as gaudy and bereft of taste as the Celine Dion licensed merchandise.Paris Hilton is living proof that being born rich does not necessarily mean that taste rides on the coattails of wealth. <end>
 B0000AZ11C  14k White Gold 1.8mm Round Sapphire and Diamond (H-SI2 1.15ctw) Bracelet ||	  Looks good but mine broke  This bracelet was on sale when I bought it, and a bargain, in my opinion. The ultimate recipient likes a small bracelet and thinks it is beautiful, but the little U lock on the clasp broke when she first wore it. It cost $25.00 to get it fixed. Compared to the cost of shipping and insurance to return it, it was a small price for a stronger clasp. The first estimate I got was $40, in which case I would have returned it.Now, all is well in the world with this bracelet, but it turned out to cost much more than I thought. She found a beautiful sapphire bracelet on sale at the jewelry store when we went to pick this one up after the repair. <end>  disappointed  I received this as a gift. The bracelet is dainty. The sapphires are a dark blue, but the luster is ok. The quality of the diamonds do not meet all the specifications advertised. I can see black spots on several of the diamonds on my bracelet. They are more of an I than SI. I'd return this if it wasn't a gift. If I had known the quality would be below what was advertised, I would have asked for jewelry from costco. I will not be buying jewelry from amazon again without a certificate. <end>
 B0000AZ11Y  14k White Gold Four-Prong 7X5mm Oval Blue Topaz w/ Diamond Accent (I-I1 0.08ctw) Omega Back Earrings ||	  Warning to all men buying jewelry as a gift!  Know your partner's preference in jewelry!! I thought these are perfectly lovely.....but my wife didn't share my wisdom in this matter when they were presented to her as a gift.  ) <end>
 B0000AZ12A  14k White Gold Three Stone Round Emerald w/ Diamond Accents (H-SI2 0.09ctw) Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful piece  The picture does not do this piece justice. It is absolutely beautiful... <end>
 B0000AZ13A  14k White Gold 9x7mm Oval Peridot w/ Diamond Accent (I-I1 0.047ctw) Pendant, 18" ||	  Well-made and classic  This pendant is really pretty, classic-looking, and well-made. There's a beautiful contrast between the yellow-green of the peridot stone and the glittering delicate white gold chain, and the size of the stone on the fine chain is just right. A super buy, and it was delivered fast even though I chose super-saver shipping! <end>
 B0000AZ13R  14k White Gold Four Prong 6x4mm Oval Emerald and Diamond (H-SI2 0.03ctw) Stud Earrings ||	  Excellent Quality Earrings  These earrings were even better than I hoped. My wife loves them. The emeralds are a perfect natural green just a shade more transparent than translucent. The baguette diamonds look larger in person. Overall they have quite a lot of sparkle and that emerald flash of pure green. I have purchased a lot of jewelry for my wife over the years and consider these one of my best purchases for the money. <end>
 B0000AZ175  14k White Gold Three Stone 7x5mm Oval Sapphire and Diamond (H-SI2 0.20ctw) Ring, Size 6 ||	  okay for the money, but the pictures oversell it  I ordered this ring based on the photos, thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue. When I received it, the stone was very dark, almost black. The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial. The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on. It's a very delicate ring, and not at all what I was expecting. I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago, and was very pleased with the quality, so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me. I sent it back the same day I received it. I can see it being a value for its price, and you probably can't find much better in that range - I think I'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product. <end>
 B0000AZ17F  14k White Gold Three Stone 7x5mm Oval Sapphire and Diamond (H-SI2 0.20ctw) Ring, Size 7 ||	  okay for the money, but the pictures oversell it  I ordered this ring based on the photos, thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue. When I received it, the stone was very dark, almost black. The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial. The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on. It's a very delicate ring, and not at all what I was expecting. I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago, and was very pleased with the quality, so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me. I sent it back the same day I received it. I can see it being a value for its price, and you probably can't find much better in that range - I think I'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product. <end>
 B0000AZ1B3  14k Yellow Gold 8x6mm Oval Opal and Diamond (I-I1 0.18ctw) Ring, Size 6 ||	  Elegant BlingBling  She just loves the ring. Really high quality for the price. <end>
 B0000AZW4X  14k Yellow Gold Open Frame Concave Cross w/ Diamond Accented Center on 18" Yellow Gold Chain ||	  My favorite necklace  -)  This was a gift from my husband at Christmas. It's beautifully made, intricate yet not overwhelming, delicate yet just the right size. Every time I have been out of the house with it, I've received at least one compliment. This does NOT come with a really nice chain, and it's really got to have a nice chain. I just took it off and put on a really expensive one that my husband had gotten me years ago for a different necklace (which had been my favorite!) <end>
 B0000AZW58  14k White Gold Diamond-cut Open Scroll Cross on 18" White Gold Chain ||	  Nice Cross - Not the Chain  The Cross is very nice, but the chain is so skinny that I had to go to the jewlery store right away and buy a gold chain that I did not think would break the first time it was worn (so the item cost me more). The jewlery store said they do not even sell chains that light, due to breakage. <end>
 B0000AZW5D  14k White and Yellow Gold Large Reversible Cross on 18" Yellow Gold Chain ||	  14K White & Yellow Gold Cross w/Chain??  The cross is very nice and the only reason I gave this piece 4 stars is the fact that the 18" yellow gold chain is so thin and tiny you can't even see the thing. I went out and spent $300 bucks on a 14K gold chain and it looks nice together. The bail is very large and really needs a thicker, heavier, nicer chain. Actually I don't know why they bothered to send the chain. The chain is almost transparent and I have never seen one this tiny.But if you like the cross it is great, just be prepared to spend some money on a chain. <end>
 B0000AZW5E  14k Yellow Gold Textured Recessed Cross on 18" Yellow Gold Chain ||	  14 kt cross  A little lighter weight than I prefer. Not as durable as I would have liked it to be. Would not recommend for a child. <end>
 B0000B10DU  Sterling Silver Oblong-Open Earrings ||	  Good for the price  I like the way these earrings look in person. They are shiny and don't feel cheap. A little bigger than I thought they would be, but still cute. One word of warning - my ears are sensitive to lesser-quality metals, and after a couple of days these earrings started to bother my ears a little. But for one or two days in a row, they are great earrings for the price! <end>  Beautiful & Cheap  I love these earrings, got them for myself and I wasn't disappointed. I got them before Christmas for $10. The posts are a bit long but I can deal with that. <end>
 B0000B10FU  Sterling Silver Byzantine Link w/ Black Onyx Cabochon Endcap Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  A bracelet to wear with any outfit  This is a great-looking silver link bracelet that can be worn just as easily with casual wear as it is with evening wear. I love this bracelet, and every time I wear it, I get complimented on how unique it is. <end>  Yuck!  This bracelet was terrible. I sent it back immediately. Low quality. Lightweight. Light color. Overall disappointment. <end>
 B0000B10HJ  Sterling Silver Oval-Link Bracelet w/American Flag Heart Charm, 7.5" ||	  Super nice for the price!  I bought a few of these for Christmas presents. After I saw that they were so nice, I am back to buy some more.The silver chain isn't junky or fragile and the clasp is easy to operate. The enamel heart, while thin, isn't so thin that it would bend. And the enamel is generally nice and neat. They look like much more costly braclets. I am keeping one for myself to wear on holidays (Flag day, 9-11, Election Day, Veteran's Day, etc.)You won't be disappointed in this item. <end>  It made for a great gift.  The person I bought this for loves it. The quality is good, it's very light and comforable to wear, the clasp is secure, but still easy to operate. <end>
 B0000B10HW  Sterling Silver Satin/High Polished Necklace, 17" ||	  Understated piece  Not many people can wear silver and have it look really good. Because I have dark hair and light skin, silver suits me very much. I chose this piece to wear with a dark blue dress for an interview to post-doc in the Chicogo area. Needless to say ... <end>
 B0000B10J9  Sterling Silver Wide Polished Band, Size 7 ||	  Not for the faint of heart.....  Ok so this is a huge ring and would probably look better on Mike Tyson's fingers (no disrespect intended). Yet I like it because its differnt. Sturdy for everyday wear.....yet its one of those rings that you have to be in the mood to wear. <end>
 B0000B10JY  Men's Sterling Silver 4.4mm Diamond-Cut Link Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Very nice for the price!  This is a nice quality bracelet. I am very pleased with my purchase. This would make a nice gift for a graduate or a close friend. It comes packaged very nicely in a pouch. It looks very expensive, and is very eye-catching. It is easy to wear with just about anything. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet  I was extremely pleased with the quality and attractiveness of this bracelet. I receive compliments whenever I wear it. Would not hesitate to recommend it. <end>  Gorgeous silver bracelet  I love this silver bracelet and get so many compliments. It is beautiful. <end>  Not what it is cut out to be  I found the cut of this bracelet to make it look cheap/tacky. <end>
 B0000B35D8  Duragold 14k Gold Hoop Earrings (0.59" Diameter) ||	  Excellent condition and quality  Just received the earrings and I think the service, the conditions and the quality of the product is amazing.Now I have one excellent present to give during christmas <end>  Earrings  Very happy with earrings , they look very nice , im a man and these are not to big or too small... <end>  14k yellow gold hoops  Nice little gold hoops that are comfortable enough to sleep in and wear everyday. They have a sturdy and solid clasp so I don't worry about losing them. <end>  dainty hoop earrings for a classic look  These actually improved my allergic reaction from my previous earrings and now my ears are no longer swollen. If you're looking for some classic dainty earrings, I definitely recommend these. I especially like the closures since they're so easy to open and close; therefore, making it really easy to wear and take off. They're also very light and very bright. I'm really satisfied with my purchase and in love with these earrings. <end>  Great value - especially if you have allergies!  Okay, I am allergic to almost everything. I was really nervous buying these online, because I was afraid I would get an allergic reaction. However, it's been several weeks now, and everything is great! Some reviewers have commented about them being too small, but I honestly think they are the perfect size for an every day earring. Trust me, they are not teeny tiny! If they were much bigger I think they would be uncomfortable. They are classy, elegant, simple, and totally hypoallergenic. Great deal for $65! <end>  small but sturdy  These are the perfect everyday hoops. Not so small that you can't see them, but not so big that they look out of place with jeans and a sweatshirt. The clasp is extremely secure, so I don't worry about wearing them to walk the dog, rake leaves, etc. <end>  Nice, durable, practical, simple  My husband purchased these for me to match a white gold necklace. I wear them 95% of the time. I sleep in them. They are very small, but that's what I like about them. They're dainty. The latch is still working well, even though I shower in them and sleep in them. I change them rarely, as they match the necklace which is sentimental to me. I had meant to get some more white gold earrings and just haven't. These have stood the test of time... even though I didn't mean to challenge them that way. <end>  Worth every penny of the asking price and more  Bought these as a surprise gift for my wife, they came the very next day even though I paid for two day shipping. Another plus is that she totally loves them. I have to admit they look good on her. I read one review in here that said they were too small. Yes they are but the quality of the material makes up for it...they are very sturdy,simple and classy. Best $40 I have ever spent... <end>  Too small  The color is as expected, but the size was very disappointing. I thought they would be much larger than they were. I plan on returning them for something more substantial. I gave the item 3 stars based on my dissapointment re  the size. If I knew they were this small to begin with I would have rated them a 4 or 5. <end>  Perfect small hoops  These small (1/2")14K round hoop earrings are perfect for everyday wear. Because they are small, they are very comfortable and can be worn round the clock <end>  Purrrrrrrrrfect  These hoops are purrrrrfect for people who don't like to change earrings often. They keep their shine and look wonderful! I wear mine 24/7 365! <end>  Great deal  Excelent price/product ratio. Delivered fast, simple but beautiful. Great buy. Perfect gift for someone. <end>  Very pleased!  These are beautiful small earrings, just what I was looking for. They're exactly as described, 11mm inside diameter. I used the super-saving shipping and was surprised at how quickly they arrived. I'm very pleased with the entire transaction. <end>  Great hoops for everyday wear!  I love these hoops! They are so comfortable to wear and are a nice size if you want a hoop but don't want the dangers of catching them on anything.They were a bit smaller than I thought they would be, but once I put them on, I was hooked. I have short hair so they are visible regardless. If you have longer hair, these earring might be hidden.I'm glad I stumbled upon these - quite by accident. They are a replacement pair for ones my husband bought me that were almost 2" across and made me look like DUMBO.The earrings are packaged nicely too. They come in a nice pouch with a authenticity tag.I highly recommend these earrings. Buy with confidence. <end>  Beautiful, simple, classic earrings for a great price  These are delicate, classic gold hoops that go with anything. I like the fact that they are unadorned and simple and small enough to be understatated but large enough to give you an elegant look. The price can't be beat, either. <end>  Excellent jewlery  I could not be happier with my gold earrings. They came on time and I have been wearing them ever since. <end>  perfect  I like these earings a lot. they are just the right size. I was worried about these earings being too small for adults, but they are not. the clump is tight enough. doesn't come off on its own. I can even sleep with these without knowing I am having earings on. if you are looking for something to have on most of the time, then you have found just the right classice procut. <end>  Nice Earrings!! Very Pleased....  These earrings are about the size of a dime, JUST what I wanted. They are a good quality product and you won't be disappointed. Highly recommend! <end>  Nice but small  The earrings are very pretty and nice, but they are also very small. I probably will save them for my young granddaughter. <end>  Nice!!!  Small gold hoops...that is exactly what she asked me to get her for Christmas. I opened up the box to check them out and they are very nice. I think these are exactly what she is looking for. She should be happy on Christmas morning! Perfect product description. They are a little over 1/2 inch in diameter just as stated. <end>  hoops  The actual earrings are nice, but smaller than I expected(my fault, I didn't pay attention to the sizing) Lovely gold, and comfortable.Shipping was kind of expensive, didn't realize that they came from U.S. <end>  Perfectly elegant size  The small size of these beautiful gold hoops makes them one of the most versatile earrings I own  they can be simple (for work), casual (with jeans and a sweater), or elegant (with a dress, if I want to keep the look low-key, or if I'm wearing a "statement" necklace requiring other jewelry to be minimal.)My one problem,resulting in the loss of one star, is that one of the clasps is so tight that it's difficult open and close the earring. In hindsight, I should have returned them for another pair. <end>  I'm glad to have this earrings  Thea're really beautiful and comfortable. The only thing is they look bigger at the picture than they're in real, but even if I knew it I would have ordered them as they 're really great. <end>  Beautiful Earings  This review is for the Duragold 14K white gold hoop earrings 0.59"diameter. I received them today and they are beautiful, perfect size, in great condition, very well made, and good weight. They were easy to put in although the clasp is tricky to get open and then hooked back in but I would rather have that than the earrings falling out and being lost. Very happy with this purchase. They could not have been better! <end>  very cute  I got these for my mom for Christmas, and she loved them. They were a little small, but they are very light. They are a really good everyday earring. The clasps seem very strong, and it seems they will hold up for a long while. I would definitely buy these again! <end>  Just what I was looking for!  Yes, they are small, but I knew that and they are the size that I was looking for. These earrings are very well made in the USA which makes me feel even better about buying them. I really like them because I was looking for small hoops that I could keep in and not think about. I need to wear only gold earrings and these were priced well. I have kept them in while showering and while sleeping and they stay closed tightly and remain very shiny. I don't even realize I am wearing them because they are so comfortable. I give these earrings 5 stars because I cannot think of one thing that I don't like about them! I highly recommend these to anyone looking for very small hoop earrings. <end>  Great Earrings  I purchaesd these for my wife just prior to Christmas. She wanted simple, yet nice, earrings. These fit perfectly and were exactly what she wanted. She does not take them out of her ears even while smimming, exercising, and everyday work. They dont get dirty, get smear marks, and best of all they do not hurt her ears. She says "Good Bye to Claires!". Great deal, and they are just what she wanted. <end>  Size matters  I was misled by the picture! It was too small (I thought) so I decided not to use it as a gift to a fellow worker as intended! All was not lost though as it was the perfect gift for my little niece! I'll know better the next time I shop for earrings ..... definitely a learning experience! Size does matter!!! <end>  14k  the photo doesn't justify the earrings in person. it looks so much better than the one the photo.. pretty lovely and i'm more than confident i can pull this LOOK off.. <end>  Earrings nice, presentation packaging lacking  The earrings are quite nice. The packaging was severely lacking as far as presentation as a gift. I expected something better than a small gift bag. <end>  So Itty Bitty It's Shocking  I was stunned to see just how small these earrings were/are when I opened the box. I have a very small set of earrings and these were even smaller - they are sized for a newborn who just got their ears pierced for the first time, definitely not for an adult. No way. If you're a larger woman in height or weight these would just look ridiculous on you. On the positive side the clasp was very stong and the earring had a bit of thicknes to it. But really, a joke in terms of size, especially for the listed price. I would expect to find these in a discount retailer for about half of what they are on amazon. They might be gold, but know what you're buying in terms of size before you get these. Very very very small. Smaller than a dime. <end>  Extremely disappointed also!  I was surprised at how small these are. They look much bigger in the picture. If my memory serves me correctly, they were advertised as 10mm inside dia. I would not have ordered if I knew. <end>  Good For Every Day Wear  These earrings go with everything, so I wear them often. I am allergic to nickel, but I'm not sensitive to these. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  LOVELY FIT GREAT LOOKS GREAT WOULD BUY MORE IF HAD TIME AND SOMEONE TO GIVE THIEM TOO WOULD BUY MORE <end>  So far so Good  Bought these as a gift and I have not given them to her yet. But I showed them to some female friends and they thought they were gorgeous. <end>  beautiful but tiny  Got this for my 6 year old. Well crafted but tiny for the nearly $80 price tag. This is the only reason I'm giving it 3.5 stars instead of 5. <end>  What gives with the latch?  When I received these, they looked like good quality and the latch looked secure. I wore them to work (I have a desk job) and lost one the first day. Fortunately for me, the cleaning lady helped me look for it and managed to find it on the floor in the office. Now I'm scared to wear them again. I have another pair of sterling silver hoops that have this same type of latch. I've worn them for years, and they've never fallen out of my ears. I can't help but be disappointment with a pair of earrings when one falls out of my ear on the first day, especially when I did not do anything to cause it to fall out. <end>  earrings broke  I got these earring for someone for Christmas and one has already broke. (just fell out of the ear) For $65 you would think you would get more value for the money. <end>  Well earrings  I didn't realized how small they were but very prettyI think they should make it clear the size. Overall amazon delivered in a timely matter. <end>  Gold Hoop Earrings  Excellent quality, beautifully packaged. They were exactly as described and just what I was looking for. <end>  modest and elegant  First of all the describtion of these little beauties is accurate 11mm is just barely over over 1cm. In addition there is nothing that states that the picture is the actual size so how can it be misleading? Reading would certainly help those that complained.I ordered the hoops today after seeing them on my girlfriend. Simple and beautiful in 14 not just 10k I just have to have them. With the price of gold at an all time high for $29.99 these earrings are a steal. Another outstanding value thank you Amazon.com. <end>  very pretty  After reading the posted reviews, I decided to purchase these earrings. I love them!! They are very well made and came with a lifetime warranty! They are small and femminine, about as large as a dime. The perfect size for me and exactly what I was looking for. I am very pleased and have not taken them off since the day I got them. <end>  Finally found the right pair of earrings  I got these as a Christmas gift from a special friend and absolutely loved them. Small enough to wear at night to bed and stylish enough to wear every day and forget about them. Classy without being too understated. Sadly I lost an earring last month. I knew they were purchased by my friend on Amazon. It took shipping and returning two other pairs. But FINALLY I found my earrings again. Thanks for your quick return policy and helping me find the right pair. I am one happy girl now!!!  -) <end>  Maybe I just hold a grudge.  I ordered these earrings along with a necklace made by the same company as a Christmas gift for my sister. The earrings looked OK, if a little cheap, but the necklace was a melted piece of junk. One look at the shoddy necklace made me distrust the quality of their earrings as well. More than the earrings themselves, I cannot recommend this manufacturer. I sent back both the earrings and necklace. I didn't want this company to have one dime of my money. <end>  Just right  These are small, lightweight hoops. Perfect for everyday wear, yet shiny enough to go anywhere. I gave a 4 rating due to the posts appearing a little weak. But I believe that is because the base they snap into is tight at first. <end>  Cheap Product - Do Not Waste Your Money  I sent these back immediately. They are horrible quality and cheap. The quality is horrible. Do not waste your money on this product. <end>  jewelry  This product was exactly what I expected when I received in in the mail and matched the description on the website <end>  Not what I expected.  They were tiny - I guess I didn't pay attention to the size description, expected them to be size shown. I returned them. <end>  Super earrings  These are durable. I probably have worn them for two years straight- swimming, taking swim caps on and off . And I never lost or broke one.They are small and lovely and simple. <end>  Great earrings  Bought these for my girlfriend for Christmas and she loved them. Wears them everyday paired with the necklace from the same brand. <end>  Love them!  Just received my earrings and I LOVE them. Yes, they are small; however that's what I wanted, something that I could wear everyday. Perfect size and great price. Thanks Amazon! <end>  Love them  I love these hoops. They are small, which is what I wanted, and I can use them every day. After reading some of the negative reviews, I hesitated to order them. However, I figured I could always send them back if I did not like them. Needless to say, they are NOT going back! <end>  Nice earrings!  I was happy to see the quality of these earrings once they did arrive. I am pleased with them. For the price..buy them!! <end>  Nice earrings  I have really enjoyed my earrings. I've worn them everyday for two months with no problem. <end>  Not so fast ...  These earring are not gold!!! They were gold colored when I first got them but the color has faded to silver. I am extremely disappointed and would not recommend them to anyone. <end>  excellent quality  I can only wear 14K gold earrings and white gold ones are difficult to find. These earrings are perfect for daily office wear, just the right touch. <end>  Nice but very small  The earrings themselves are lovely; very shiny and a nice quality weight BUT they are realy, really small. They would be great for someone with shorter hair. <end>  What I was looking for  I wanted small gold earrings. I found small gold earrings. I like them. They've held up well. No complaints. <end>  Beautiful! Perfect!  These earrings are 1.5cm = .59in the perfect size for being physically active and continuous wear. I'm so happy with them! The closure is very secure and they are so shiny. They are small yet substantial and that is exactly what I was looking for. Everything I found in department and jewelry stores was much more expensive and much less quality. Also the pair I received were Made in USA and that thrills me to no end! Thanks Amazon.com  O) <end>  She wears them everyday.  My wife has not taken these earrings off since Christmas Day. They have become part of her.They fit her taste; simple and beautiful. What more need I say? <end>  14K Stamp anywhere?  I would like to know if anyone who has received these earrings has seen the mark on them that they are 14K Gold. I could not find it on mine even after the representative told me that "The stamp is on the hinge of the hoop, not on the tubing part; it is very small as the hinge is small too. It is near where the tubing and the hinge meet at a flat part."Please add your comment, thank you! <end>  GOLD HOOPS  the earrings are very nice but they are smaller then what I was looking for. the color is very bright <end>  Looks really good  I ordered this to present it to my wife and I really liked when it arrived. Very well made and looks brilliant. But it was a bit small than expected. <end>  Small but very cute...  They are small, which I like -- very well made and pretty. Will be wearing for years to come. Classic. <end>  nice  when i first got the earrings i was very happy just what i was looking very happy cant wait to put them on <end>  Durable  I purchased the earrings last year for my daughter. She wore them every day. They are very durable. She recently broke one, so I replaced it. If it last as long as the other, I will be more than happy. <end>  Hoop Earrings  These earrings are the perfect size for my 7 year old daughter. I gave them to her for her birthday & she loves them. Great price! <end>  Perfectly beautiful!  This item is exactly how it is described. My daughter recently had an ear infection and her doctor recommended changing to loop earrings. They fit perfectly on her and I could not be happier. <end>  Worth the money  Bought these ones for $45 for my 6 yr. old daughter. Definitely worth the money and I would buy them again if they had them on stock. The hoops are exactly the size needed for little girls her age and they look amazing. <end>  Very Nice  Very well made good quality and more then expected for price of gold latch is nice and sturdy good deal. <end>  14k gold round hoop earrings  The only downside about the earrings, the advertising did not state what the size of the earrings were. Luckily, I did order the earrings correctly and they matched the bigger round hoop earrings that I already have in. They are good quality. <end>  my fav earrings  I've had these for over a year. I wear them each and every day (unless I'm dressing up). I take them out to shower, but I wear them to bed. I feel naked without them. They still look like they did when I got them, of course. Afterall, they are gold. <end>  Small and elegant gold earrings  A nice gift for you or for someone else. I purchased these for a 15-year-old girl, and she loved them. These gold hoop earrings go with just about anything, from jeans to formal dresses. <end>  Wonderful earrings!  These I purchased - 2 pair, one for my Mother and one for me! They're a great buy value wise and a great buy fashion wise. If you're expecting them to be kind of large - they're not. But, I don't particularly like large hoops so they are just right for me and my Mother who is 76 years old hasn't had pierced ears but a few months and she loves them. Highly recommend them. <end>  Beautiful  Not much else o say, they look and wear awesome. The price is very good as well. recommend these for anyone with pierced ears. <end>  14K GOLD HOOP EARRINGS  I WAS SHOCKED AT HOW SMALL THESE ARE. THEY LOOK MUCH BIGGER IN THE PICTURE, AND ARE THE SIZE OF A DIME. I WOULD NOT HAVE ORDERED IF I KNEW. I HAVE LONG THICK HAIR AND THESE WILL GET LOST IN IT. SHOULD SHOW ACTUAL SIZE PICTURES. MUCH TOO SMALL FOR ME, WOULD WORK GOOD FOR A CHILD HOWEVER. <end>  They seem good value.  I read some good reviews on these so I bought them rather than shop around department stores where 14k hoops were over a 100 bucks.They look well made and the catch is strong.I guess we'll see how they are holding up in 12 months time.That will be the proof. <end>  Perfect earrings for little girls  I got these earrings for my daughters birthday. The size is perfect for her ear and just the right thickness. They look great! Price is decent but I see they've gone further on sale since I bought them so it's an even great deal. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Round Hoop Earrings  Exactly the size I was looking for. I knew I could do better than the baby hoop earrings. Looks great! <end>  Gold Round Hoops  I am very small featured and these are the perfect size. Light weight and very well made. <end>  Extremely disappointed!  I Put 1 star because the option of 0 wasn't available. Just opened the box and saw these earrings. They were a gift to my daughter in law, but I'm so embarrassed by them, I would not even offer as a gift! Size is very misleading....very tiny....something you'd probably pay $5 for at a Target or Walmart. Will be returning very quickly. <end>  I'm Extremely Disappointed Also  Picture is very misleading. When I opened the box I was very surprised at how small they are. I also would be too embarrassed to give as a gift & will be returning them. They are too expensive for their size. Also, did not get a velvet pouch to keep them as stated. <end>  broke  i bought this a couple of months ago for my daughter's birthday. A few of days ago she came home from school with one of them broken. When I asked her what happened she told me that she had taken them out of her ears. When she put them back in, the latch on one of the earrings fell off. What upset me the most was when I went on to Amazon to return the item that cost $65 and broke a couple of months after purchase,it said i had missed the deadline for returning it. All in all i do not recommend buying this product. <end>  Very small  The description on this item needs to make it clear that the earrings are extremely small. I thought I was ordering an adult medium size earring. The earrings came and look like they are for a child. <end>  These are nice, but what happened to the price?  I'd buy a pair as a gift, but I bought these here last year for $29, and now they are $50? No way! <end>  Very Disappointed  I keep meaning to return them. Far more small and thin than I imagined from the photo. Flimsy. <end>  false picture  On the computer, the earrings look large enough for an adult female to wear. However, the size of the earrings are for a baby. That's how tiny they are. I am returning the earrings and you will give me credit on my credit card. I am very disappointed <end>  Very Very Small  This is a very small hoop earing. I thought it would be larger - perhaps it is just me. The price goes along with is tiny size. <end>  were ok  These earrings were ok; I liked the way they looked. When I wore them I received compliments and was questioned about where did I get them? I had no problems with the earrings; I wanted to order more for birthday gifts. I hadn't worn the earrings for awhile and when I went to get them I saw that the color had tarnished, so I threw them out. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Round Hoop Earrings  Somewhat disappointed in the size of the errings, they appeared larger on the web site pic than they were in real life. <end>  Right size, pretty, poor clasp  My wife loved these. I did, too! Simple and pretty. Only issue is the clasp was not secure on both earings. I was able to give a small squeeze and tighten up a bit, but this should have been fixed when made. <end>  14k white gold hoop earrings  Love them!! They are exactly the size I wanted. They are not heavy and look great as a second earring. <end>  Duragold thumbs up!  My wife loves the earrings. They are made real well, and they are excellent looking. The gold ls of great quality, and I thought they were a great value. <end>  Pretty but damaged.  These earrings are really pretty just like the pictures and i couldn't wait to get them. Only bad thing was they were dented when i got them. <end>  A Bit Disappointing, but Passable  They look bigger than they really are when I saw the picture. I maybe should have realized they would be small at tht price.I will wear them I am a bit disappointed <end>  Love, love, LOVE them!!!  These earrings are absolutely beautiful! Perfect size, gorgeous color. These more than lived up to my expectations. If you're not sure about the size, pull out a ruler or tape measure. They're fantastic and I definitely recomend them. I haven't seen a bargain like this anywhere in a long time. Thank you DG and Amazon! <end>  As expected  I ordered these during the gold box sale. The earrings are solid but the clasps are bit hard to close. I will probably keep them since like the size of these earrings. <end>  Sizes does not equal price  Very disappointed in the size for the money - considering the size, the price for these earrings just does not correspond.I paid $40 earrings for what was supposed to be a major discount. I believe i could have gotten these earrings somewhere else for $20.They look nice and seem to be well made, but barely sit on the top of my pinky much less on my pinky. More for toddlers and very young children. <end>  smaller than image leads you to believe  While nice in style, the images shown are much smaller than you would think. It would be helpful to have the picture taken along since some measurement piece to give some size perspective. <end>  Duragold 14K white gold hoop earrings  They are very nice and light weight although I would have liked them to be a bit larger. It was difficult to determine the size as I'm not very familar with metric sizing. It did state that they would arrive in velvet bag, (just in a plastic bag inside a small box) however, as they were for myself and not a gift it really wasn't important. <end>  Note the size  I personally like this diameter and wear these earrings frequently. Non-allergenic and they never get tangled in my hair. The only time I remove them is when I go swimming. These are classic and always dress up my wardrobe. A nice price too, especially with the price of gold going up. <end>  simple and nice earrings  replacement pair of earrings for my daughter; more robust attachment than most others which fail after months of wearing. It's a very common simple style but the quality is higher than most; no allergic reaction to the materials in the 14k alloy & she's pretty sensitive. Price-wise it's not a super bargain value, but reasonable as it's higher quality. <end>  Nice  Bought these for my wife for Christmas 2010. She likes them alot, not too big so she is able to wear them at work, or a night out. <end>  Perfect for Those Who Like Classic Simplicity!  I purchased these for myself and when I saw them, I realized that they were the perfect gift for my sister's birthday. She likes smaller earrings that are simple, not showy but are of good quality. My sister is delighted with them. As it turns out, she was needing something to wear other than her plain gold studs to wear to work, church, or anywhere. She appreciates simplicity in her jewelry and she is thrilled to have these.If you want big and showy, these are not for you. But if you like classic simplicity, these will please you.Now I have to buy another pair for myself!! <end>  Very nice earrings!  Very shiny and more substantial than I expected. The latch fastened tightly and I have had them on since I received them. They are comfortable even easy to sleep in! <end>  High quality small hoops  Love these earrings. Exactly as described. To me they would be very minimalist if I just wore them alone. I like to wear larger hoops or pearls as my primary earrings and these next to them in my second set of piercings. I love that the gold and the latch are high quality. I hope to have these for decades. <end>  Nice Earrings for the Price  I like Duragold and these small earrings are very nice. I was a little surprised by the thinness of the the gold hoops. In the photo, the hoops look rather hefty when compared to the diameter of the earrings. In reality, the hoops are fairly thin when compared to the diameter of the earrings. I would buy them again because they are perfectly satisfactory, but they do not look exactly like the photo on the website.Update  Unfortunately, they do not seem to latch securely. I lost one several times but always found it. Alas, the last time I lost one I was unable to find it, so now I only have one left. If you get these you should be very careful, because it is very easy to lose one while you are wearing them. <end>  Perfect!  I absolutely adoreee my earings, they are just te right size if your looking for something nice and simple for everyday wear. They are really comfortable, not heavy, and they don't bother at all when you'r on the phone. But what i think is most important of all is that the lock is really really secure!! And really unlikely to open. <end>  Very pleased.  While visiting my sister, I lost an earring down a drain. I was so disappointed with myself. It was a gold hoop I bought several years ago. It was 14k but post made me itch and I could feel earrings in ear at all times because of the constant slight itch. I know post was not of good quality and I bought this pair from a well known department store and I paid too much. I wanted to treat myself and order a new pair on Amazon. I read reviews and I also read about quality of gold. I can tell you that this is an awesome pair if you're looking for something on the smaller side. I don't like larger hoops, so this pair is perfect if you want something solid and charming. This pair is not too small, it's just right. I feel this is a pair I can leave in for several days at a time. I'm so impressed, I am going to order another pair for my daughter whose 9yrs. I am going to save this pair and give to her in a few years. I am confident this pair won't make her ears itch. Affordable and adorable. <end>  gold earring  I love this earrings! They are the perfect size to wear with all different charms. they are light but they look very sturdy!Just love them! <end>  Broke  after 2 days. These do not seem to last, was under the impression the are durable... you get what your pay for! <end>  Earrings were too small for me  The pictures made them look bigger than I had envisioned. I returned them. I was hoping to get bigger hoops. <end>  Much Smaller than I expected...  Probably more my fault than the product for not thoroughly researching the size. This would be good for a teenager but I would recommended for your significant other if they are over 20. <end>  just what i was looking for  i was looking for a pair of simple small gold hoop earrings. a site i once bought a single hoop [of which i liked ]offered a pair of what i was looking for. i wanted the pair to match the single earring; so, the reason for shopping at this site. the cost for the pair was $179 pending. i was told i would be e-mailed back to confirm the price, as it was subject to change, due to gold market fluctuations. now, really, a pair of 14kt gold earrings weigh about .8oz and would contain about $27-$30 worth of actual gold. [ hardly worth the bother to change a price ]so, i stumbled upon these at this site. they cost me $82 a pair [ and that was with 24 hour delivery ] also, they matched the single hoop i bought from the other site exactly.if you are searching for a small gold hoop with very simple design [ they are a bit smaller than a dime and are just a plain golden ring ] than these are what you are looking for. the actual price is $59.99. <end>  Duragold 14k White Hoop Earrings  I ordered two sets of these for a gifts, and when they arrived I was shocked! These look nothing like the picture, and are nothing short of a piece of thin wire bent in a loop. The are very tiny. I was trying to guess what .59mm looked like, and my &#34;guesstamation&#34; was totally off. They also look very cheap, with not much shine for 14k white gold. Instead they look like sterling or stainless steel. I'm still flabbergasted! I am returning both pair for a refund. <end>  They are much smaller than the picture indicates  I think I am going to have to give them to a kid. They are too small for me, unfortunately. <end>  Smaller than expected  These earrings are really lovely but smaller than I expected. I was actually going to return them but decided to keep them because they really are nice. <end>  Happy Customer !  I was looking for gold hoops to be able to wear all the time. I found them ! The price is very affordable and the hoops are strong and well made. They are the size of a dine (perfect size to wear even to bed) . I love my hoops. Will buy Duragold from Amazon again for sure. <end>  Good deal  After being dissapointed with another product from this company, I was reluctant to order again, but decided to risk it based on the product description. These earrings were worth their price. They're small enough (for a young girl), but not so small that they're invisible, plus the clasp is secure. I was very pleased with this purchase. <end>  Just too small  They were pretty, but I was shocked by how tiny they were. I am a small person, but these were too small even for me. They were a very close to the earlobe fit. They would be perfect for a little girl. <end>  great earrings  What a bargin!! These little earrings shine so nicely,and the packaging is gift quality. That's not the best thing about these though. I have a difficult time with metal allergies, sometimes my ears are sore after just an hour of wear, not with these! I have kept these in for an entire week with no problems. That hasn't happened in years, even with the so called surgical steel and hypo allergenic types. It must be the mix they use in the gold, not much nickle. So if you have the same type of problem wearing earrings that I do, give these a try, the price sure is right! <end>  Exactly what I was looking for!  These earrings are a nice size for a little, everyday hoop. They come nicely packaged in a blue velvet gift box - a nice present to myself. The weight seems good - they're bigger than they look on the web site. I'm very pleased with my purchase. <end>  Look Great and My Wife Loves Them  These are nice little hoops, a little less than 1/2" across. That may be too small for some but my wife (who hates large earrings and who has long dark hair) loves them. They look great on her and bonus points for me. They come in a small velvet bag which is held in turn by a small dark blue gift. This would be a nice gift for an adult or a child - as long as you read and understand the very accurate product description listed above. <end>  Simple and tasteful  Very good quality for the price. They are simple, understated, and classic in design. If you want flashy, however, these are not for you. You can ignore the 1-star reviews--the 1-star rating goes to those who a) don't read the description before ordering, b) don't know what mm stands for, or c) don't have the visual-spatial skills to estimate the size of the earring in the picture by comparing the overall size to the earwire (which tends to be a fairly similar size on most earrings). And please, if you can't tell 14k from $5.00 dimestore stuff that will likely turn your ears green, then your money is wasted here. Go to Walmart and get yourself something big and cheap. <end>  great basic everyday earring  i have to admit i was disappointed in the small size of these earrings when i first got them. i really think that amazon should provide pictures on a model and other size references as it's hard to judge online. i was expecting about the size of a dime, well these are significantly smaller than a dime and about a dime's width. but i have been wearing these everyday since i got them, i have not taken them off. they are super comfortable, i don't even remember i'm wearing them, and i have very sensitive skin and can only wear gold earrings. they have a nice shine to them. they are very good quality. the clasp is very secure. the price is very good considering the price of gold these days. i could not find anything similar for the price in my local stores. i also appreciate that they are made in the usa. <end>  Worth the sale price  I actually purchased these in March 2004 and to give some perspective, they are so well made that today they are as good when I first purchased them. I did beat the current price, but at $19, they are still worth it. They are on the smaller side, as other reviews have noted, but they are still perfect for young granddaughters and those of us who prefer smaller hoops.September 1, 2009 update  I was amazed to see that the price has increased by over 10 times since I purchased these earrings in 2004. Allowing for the fact that gold has increased, all the same, if you buy these at the current price of around $140, you will be disappointed, notwithstanding the supposed, and inflated, retail price. Why? While they are pretty, these are very lightweight and fragile. They have held up over five years, but I am very careful with them and don't wear them that often. The hoops are about dime sized, so they are small. My guess is that a teenager would probably break these fairly quickly, again because they are lightweight and thin at the wire closure. My opinion is that these should sell for at least 50 percent off what Amazon is offering them for at present, and if possible, I would change my rating to two stars. <end>  Great value  These are sturdy gold hoops. Although thicker than the standard gold hoop, they do not bend out of shape like the thinner ones do. <end>  Nice product  I bought these for my wife and she wears them all the time - they are nice looking and she says she does not know they are even there as they are very comfortable to wear. <end>  Great value!  I was planning to buy silver earrings, but when these went on sale, I was able to get them instead! What a great value! They are small, which I like. The clasp is a little hard to open and close, but that is preferable to one that is too loose. <end>  Perfect little earrings  These earrings are sized exactly as described. Once I saw how well made they were I was sorry that I hadn't purchased a second pair. Small, simple gold hoops are a nice thickness and have a sturdy catch. If you've read the description carefully you'll see that they're just over 1cm. If this is a good size for you, you'll LOVE these earrings as much as I do. <end>  Exactly what my wife wanted  My wife wanted some small, gold hoop earrings that were about the diameter of a dime. These fit the bill nicely. Nothing flashy or terribly fancy, but if you're after something simple, these will work. <end>  Good enough for young adults, better than plastic, but too cheap for adult  If you are looking for cheap earings on Amazon, and you order them, don't be surprised when they arrive that they seem cheap ...Honestly, I bought some of these duragold for my daughter, and a larger set of earings for my wife. I had to return my wife's because the build/presentation was just too cheap.However, they are gold, and so for sensitive ears or younger ears (where the earings run the risk of being lost or misplaced) they look fine, and the price was great. Also, the clasp was pretty strong, and at this size are not heavy. <end>  hoop earrings  I have trouble with some metals causing infections even though my ears were pierced many years ago. These earrings are perfect and are even comfortable to wear when sleeping. <end>  Smaller than expected.  This was a bit of a surprise because they are just so much smaller than they appeared on the page. It would have been nice to see them next to a comparison ruler. The tube itself also seemed much thinner. That all said, they are still a nice pair of earrings but seem overpriced for the weight/size. <end>  Far too Small  When this item arrived, it was a very small loop ear-ring. Though nice quality, the smallness of the loop caused it to have trouble even fitting over the ear lobe....very dissappointed and will be returning. <end>  Love my Duragold 14K Earrings  They are small, but that is what I wanted... they are great!!! Got them very fast!!! Was able to wear them for Christmas!! <end>  great gift item  i the pacakaging was great the earrings came in a velvet-ish bag inside a gift box made for an impressive gift. <end>  Too small  These earrings are really cute, but for a child or someone who likes really small earrings. I returned them immediately and am searching for a larger hoop. <end>  Cute, but not that sturdy.  I ordered these because I have a metal allergy and can only wear gold earrings, and I like smaller, plainer styles. These look spot-on. They're small (just barely smaller than a dime) and lightweight, but still noticeable when you wear them. They are very pretty and they don't irritate my ears at all.The problem with these earrings is the clasp. They are not very reliable. When I received these, I had to fix one of the clasps myself because it was set too wide and wouldn't hold the post. (Fixable with some small pliers, but I shouldn't have had to fix it.) <end>  small but nice  kind of small but good quality. the wife liked them. what more could you want. plus free freight really helped. <end>  Quality Earrings  These are a little smaller than I expected (even though I measured before buying) but they are nice and light to wear daily or for dressy times. They are excellent quality. <end>  Just perfect  I purchased these through a lightening deal and so happy that I did. They will be given to my mom who has been asking for new earrings. She does have a pair of hoops in yellow gold so I thought these would a wonderful addition. After seeing them in person, I'm glad I ordered them. They are small but I think they are a great size even for an adult. <end>  Great!  Bought these for my 5 year old daughter who can only wear gold due to allergies. They are totally worth the price! Very cute and just the right size! <end>  Gold hoop earrings  Excellent quaility and like the size of the hoop.Lightweight and fond of the hinged stem, easy towear. Very fashionable if you like smaller earrings. <end>  quick shipping, thank you  these are a little smaller than i thought, but i really like them. i always wanted real gold, now i have it. <end>  Nice...but small  The earrings seem to be good quality...just a little small for an adult...would be perfect for a pint-sized ear! Will make a nice gift for my niece. <end>  Buyer Beware- note SIZE of hoop  My error. I did not realize they were so tiny. These are appropriate for a child or very tiny adult. They were not appropriate for the adult I bought them for. I was disappointed. <end>  Tiny, Tiny  Nice earring. They bear no relation to the photo absolutely none! OK for every day but I would have liked them better had Ireceived what was shown on the website. <end>  Poor quality and fit; they're going back  My mom purchased the Leach and Garner version of these earrings from Amazon last year. One earring was recetly lost so I decided to order another pair from Amazon. I typed Leach and Garner into the Amazon search bar and this pair came up. They were supposedly the same (althought labeled as Duragold--Duragold recently acquired Leach and Garner)and looked so in the picture. The post does not fit in the clasp, so the earrings do not close.The post is also very long and hangs far beyond the end of the clasp; it looks like the earrings are just malformed. I was very disappointed and they are going back. <end>  Beautiful!  I just got these the other day, and they're even more beautiful than I expected! I like smaller hoops, and these were the exact right size for me. Very shiny, lovely yellow gold shade (not brassy), and the closures are nice and secure. If you're looking for a lovely pair of small hoops, these are the ones for you! The price was very reasonable, and shipping was fast.... I'm very happy with this purchase! <end>  surprised  I was surprised by the earrings. when I opened the box, I found the 'Leach and Garner' gold warranty. In QVC lingo, that's eternagold--more durable and shiny because of the special alloys they use. These earrings are a great deal and great gold for everyday wear. Love! <end>  Perfect small hoops!  I liked what I saw of the photo and the reviews, but when I actually received this pair of earrings you would have thought that I had handpicked them in person.... the small size I was looking for and from a manufacturer that I trusted (Leach and Garner).... and the price - considering how long I've had other earrings from this company and how well they wear - it's a bargain! <end>  Good buy  These earrings were just what I was looking for - small and simple . They are great for every day wear. I think they are a good buy, considering the price of gold these days. <end>  Perfect!  These little hoops are exactly what I wanted. I bought an identical pair 5 years ago at a mall jeweler and paid over $75 for them. I lost one last week and ordered these to replace them. A much better deal! They're gorgeous and come in a nice little velvet bag and box for nice gift presentation. <end>  golden hoop earrings  The product arrived on time and looked exactly as I wished. It is nice and I enjoy it frequently. <end>  Gold Earrings  I gave them away as they were very cheap and I would not order jewelry on line again. The only thing i have beeendisappointed with that I ordered online. <end>  14kt yellow gold 5/8" hoop earrings  Well made product at a reasonable price (considering the current price of gold!). Excellent latch on the ear wire. My only issue  I lost one and wrote the company to see if they could help me get a replacement. They didn't even bother to answer in the negative. Point being  don't lose one! <end>  Beautiful, understated earrings  I bought these earring for my 8 year old daughter - kids earrings were too tight and I wanted her to have a small hoop that wouldn't strangle her ear lobe. These were perfect! I might have to buy myself a pair! <end>  Beautiful earrings  I absolutely love these earrings. I was looking for small hoops that were substantial enough to see while still being dainty. They are perfectly proportioned (which you can tell from the picture). Great earrings!!!! <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased these as a gift for my wife, she had told me she wanted some simple hoop earings. This item was perfect, because they had two sets, a polished and a brushed finish. This review is for the polished finish. She loved them and has worn them for casual and formal affairs. They are very high quality, and I would have expected to pay much more in a regular jewlery store. In the future, I will purchase with much more confidence.14k Yellow Gold Half Round Hoop Earrings <end>  considering this one for myself...  Can anyone post a picture of themselves wearing these earrings?It's hard to tell just how big they are without the visual perspective.Thanks everyone <end>  Great  These are great everyday earrings. The post is a little longer than I'd like it, it does occasionally poke the skin on my neck if I lie down with them in, but otherwise I'm very pleased. <end>  Cute  Their cute little earrings. I don't know their even in my ears. If you like small earrings that don't get hung up on a hairbrush, these are for you! <end>  Adorable  Very small but great for a small child. Beautiful color. Bought this as a gift and it was really loved by the receiver. <end>  small but gorgeous  these small earrings are beautiful and delicate. You will like them if you want earrings that stay centered  they don't have a lot of movement on the ear due to their light weight. <end>  Duragold 14k Yellow Gold Hoop Earrings (0.59&#34; Diameter)  I like the earrings with one exceptions they were much smaller than I thought.Which was my fault for not looking at the measurement and just looking at the picture which wasquite magnified. They are good quality.Thnak you,Judy Bankes <end>  Good quality and size  The earrings are very nice, good quality, the size is correct, I buy for a gift and I am proud to buy this earrings <end>  Lovely  A lovely pair of small earrings, just as described.....goes well with most everything. In fact I may buy another for Mr daughter- in- law and granddaughter. <end>  Two years and no problems  My 11 year old daughter has been wearing these earings daily for at least two years. I am completely satisfied with the quality of the earrings and how well the clasps has remained true. I am ready to buy a larger pair for me from the same vendor. <end>  Small but sturdy  These are a perfect size and price for my 11 year old daughter. They would be too small for an adult woman. The prong is not too large in diameter. Some earring prongs are just too large for my daughter and just don't go through her ear. <end>  earings  They have been sent back to Amazon for a credit. They had no weight to them and the fastener on one of the earings was so tight that it would have most likely snapped off after a few times. Obviously, they were not inspected prior to sending them out. My lesson learned, is to stick with books, cd's and dvd's. <end>  Not look like the picture  The size is what I expected but the shape of the earings are not like the pictures. I want to buy thin hoop earings, not the thicker version. And it's hard for me to take them on and off. <end>  Just what I was looking for  My boyfriend bought these for me for our anniversary, and they were a perfect gift. They are a bright and beautiful gold, just the right size to be noticeable but still casual, and very light so they don't pull on my ears. They also came in a lovely box. Perfect gift for an unbeatable price! <end>  14K Gold Hoop earrings  I am happy with my purchase. They were a little smaller than I expected, but they work out just find in my 2nd ear hole. I put them in when I received them and have never taken them out (over a month now). <end>  Very nice product  I purchased a pair of these earrings in december and am very satisfied with the quality, they also are very comfortable, and my ears are sensitive to many metals--but these little hoops are perfect. They are a deal for the $29 price and hope that they will be back in stock soon so I can order another set. Most comfortable earrings I have found. <end>  Great Hoop Earrings  I bought these for myself and then I gave them to my mom, she LOVES them. Just the right size and the price was good also. I may need to buy me a pair now, when they are on sale again. Cathy =) <end>  Ok..  I like this pair of earrings on my niece just not on me. The picture gave me a different impression of how it looked until it arrived and it looked more like a child's earring than for a woman. <end>  Not Impressive  Bought this for my mom because the reviews were pretty good but when it came, it was like "meh.. this is it?" It's okay looking but nothing spectacular. When my mom opened the gift, she said it reminded her of little girl earrings (NOT GOOD!).. but she wore them anyways. She has sensitive ears and says that it has not caused her any irritation and she likes that it has a very secure clasp. I suggest getting the thicker hoops so they don't look so childish. Also, the earrings were uneven. Where the clasp is, one needle was longer and bent down farther than the other. Very light in weight, hard to believe that its 100% gold. We'll see how long it lasts! Save your money and the embarrassment and go to a real jeweler. (3 stars cuz my mom's sensitive ears are safe in these) <end>  Not impressed  Gold has a dull finish and were smaller than I thought they would be. If you like loops that are nearly invisible, then you will like these. <end>  Loop earrings  I rated it a 2 because the picture is grossly inaccurate!!! This earring is so small and very appropriate for a little girl. I had to return it. I believe the product is of very good quality however the picture makes it look like its for an adult- when you get the earring - you will be very disappointed. For a girl 6 and under - yes however for an adult - no <end>  TOO SMALL!  I was very disappointed with the size of these earrings. It did not say they were for small children when I purchased them. Other wise I love Duragold. <end>
 B0000B35FL  14k Yellow and White Gold Wrapped Snake Chain Necklace, 16" ||	  14 kt yellow and white gold wrapped chain  Awesome, I love it...very pretty and heavier than I expected. <end>  Very Nice  For the money, this made a very nice gift. Well manufactured with a good strong clasp. <end>
 B0000BUWEM  14k Yellow Gold Rope Chain Necklace, 24" ||	  Was very pleased..  I bought this gold chain for my husband for his birthday. It came in a nice gift box and is really beautiful, even better than the picture of it. He wears a couple of things on the chain, a medical alert and one other and the chain handles them both very well. The length was perfect too. So, I was pleased that he was happy with it. <end>
 B0000BUWK5  14k Yellow Gold 4-way Medal ||	  Top Quality!!!!!!  The cross was the best quality that I have ever ordered from anywhere! Let alone that it was at my home the next day! Amazon Rocks!!!!!!! <end>  Awesome!  Bought this as a gift for my Mother and she never takes it off! Beautiful! <end>
 B0000BUWMW  14k White Gold Simulated Diamond-Cut Teardrop Earrings ||	  Looks like a bedazzled paper clip  The "simulated diamond cut" looks a lot prettier in the picture than it does in person. In the picture, there is at least a vague semblance of diamonds. The actual product, however, does not have the appearance at all. Instead, it looks like a fancy paper clip.On a positive note, they are lightweight and would not drag down your earlobes. <end>
 B0000BUWQE  14k Yellow and Rose Gold "Nana" Heart Charm ||	  Beautiful!  I looked all over in the stores for a Nana charm but they all looked very cheap and flimsy. I am so glad I took a chance and ordered this online. It is beautiful! I am very happy with it, and I am sure my daughter's Nana will love it too! <end>
 B0000BUWX1  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Faux Heart with Dolphin Charm ||	  For girlfriend No No  Hi,This product looks better on photo rather than real  -)Get a real gold one if you want to present it for your girlfriend  -) <end>  Got fooled by the pic.  Its one sided and doesnt look as appealing as it does in the picture. Dont really know if it is really worth 30 bucks. <end>
 B0000BUX1A  14k White Gold Diamond-cut Faux Interlocking Heart Charm ||	  Very nice charm  I bought this for my then girlfriend (now wife), and she loved it. I'll warn that it's a little smaller than it looks in the picture, but my wife's not into big fancy jewlery, so it was perfect for her. <end>
 B0000BUX3J  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Dove w/ Filigree Wings Charm ||	  beautiful reminder of peace  this charm is really special. the filigree work is beautiful and the body of the dove has a high polish. i have a lot of charms on my bracelet but this one realy stands out. i love to feel it because it's 3-dimensional. whenever i look at it, i am reminded of the sentiment of peace, and it has a calming effect. Great charm! <end>
 B0000BUX5U  14k Yellow Gold Earth with Children Charm ||	  beautiful charm...  the little children paper cut out looking figures are both delicate and meaningful with a message on the back reminding us of what is most important. i've had many compliments on it and also...if you are doing your homework...it is an excellent price! <end>
 B0000BUX6A  14k Yellow Gold Sandblast Horse Charm ||	  Very happy!  I purchased this charm for my daughter for Christmas. She LOVES horses! We couldn't be happier with the quality and beauty of the charm. It could be worn with a silver chain or a gold one and it looks great! <end>
 B0000BUX71  14k Yellow Gold Puffed Angel Charm ||	  Adorable angel charm!  This charm is really cute and is actually 3D! The shiny finish makes it quite special as well. It looks great on a neck chain or bracelet. <end>
 B0000BUX7P  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-Cut Open Heart Slide Charm ||	  Cute, but not what I really expected...  The charm looks nice on a thin gold chain. It is very light-weight. The back of the heart is open and hollowed out.There is one thing that Amazon incorrectly described about the charm-it mentioned that it featured two simple elements, one smooth and shiny heart and one textured and glittery heart. It does NOT have another textured and glitterly heart-it is actually in the shape of a half oval or circle. That is why I gave it 3 stars because I expected it to be a heart! It would really help if there was a picture of the backside of the charm. This can really throw off buyers! It happened to me, but I'll still keep it because it looks cute... <end>
 B0000BUX7S  14k Yellow Gold Satin-Finish Heart and Angel Locket ||	  Angel Heart  Very beautiful item. It is ALOT smaller than pictured. The size should be mentioned. It is a very beautiful and has made a great gift for my grandmother. <end>  good value  hello this is a good value, but it is a bit smaller than i had thought but it is pretty and a reasonable price makes a great gift <end>
 B0000BUXAJ  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut Jaguar Charm ||	  Top cat!  A unique eye catching symbol of power and grace. It looks great in person and is shipped in perfect condition in a nice box. (You supply the chain and remember this is a one sided pendant.)It comes directly from Amazon.com so you can purchase it with confidence. <end>
 B0000BUXAM  14k Yellow Gold Diamond-cut "#1 Dad" Charm ||	  Better than you think  I puchased this for my husband after going to local stores looking for the "perfect" charm. I found it at Amazon.com.It's an added bonus to the chain I purchased for him for last Christmas.You have exceeded my expectations. . .Colleen <end>
 B0000BUXBP  14k Yellow Gold Satin Diamond-Cut Claddagh Ring, Size 8 ||	  Ring with a lot of meaning  I bought this ring for a friend and she seemed to really apprecite it. the symbols have a lot of meaning and these rings are passed to people as gifts all over the world. <end>
 B0000BVF08  18k Yellow Gold Princess Cut Diamond Solitaire Earrings (1/3ctw, G-H, VS2) ||	  Fabulous  This pair of princess cut diamond studs is the 3rd pair of diamonds studs I have bought through Amazon. The quality is much better than anything I have seen in any store! The pair I received is actually of better quality than advertized here, as well as the other 2 pairs I have bought. They are rated of "F" color (superburb and rare find in a stud earring) and VVS2/VS1 clarity. Retail value was rated to be worth $925.00. They are a great size.I am totally pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B0000BVGN3  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1ctw, I, I1), Size 7 ||	  Wow! Really Beautiful!  This ring is beautiful. I returned it because it is too big/wide for my finger but the diamonds are an EXCELLENT quality. This ring is worth every penny. <end>
 B0000BVGNJ  Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner ||	  Now I Know Why the Reviews Aren't so Great ...  I should have read these reviews before actually purchasing this to clean my jewelry. First, the water didn't do anything. I bought a cleaning solution. Second, the 3 minute cycle wasn't long enough to clean out the gunk between my diamond and setting. I ran the cycle 5 times (for a total of 15 minutes). Only then did my jewelry come sparkling clean. Third, you have to change the cleaning solution often ... which makes me wonder if it's really the solution that's doing the cleaning and not the ultrasonic. Fourth, as I was cleaning out the basin, I guess some water seeped inside through the cracks on the side (the outter shell is like 3 pieces of *CHEAP* plastic put together). Well, guess what? It stopped working. I know it's my fault but c'mon, this is ridiculous. Those reviews about the flimsy build ... totally correct. Oh well, it was great while it lasted. I'm off to by the Sharper Image ultrasonic when I'm down in the States. <end>  Very Simple and Easy to Use  This is very simple and easy to use. It is advisable to use hot water for ultrasonic cleaners (around 150F). You may need to add a little soap or ammonia to make it work best. Water alone is not sufficient.- It does work, but don't expect it to work like the professional jeweler uses- Big enough to hold eye glasses- Not an eyesore, it actually looks nice. It has a soothing blue LED light inside.- It comes with a plastic rack for easy removal of your jewelries- At 35W, it consumes less energy than a light bulb- Very affordableRooms for improvement - The 3-minute cycle is not enough. An adjustable timer would be nice. <end>  Works well  This product works great to clean Jewelry, but I had to buy a new one after less than a year because the cover broke off. <end>  Worked well... while it worked.  This product worked extremely well -- that is, while it was working. After 3 months it stopped turning on when you pressed the button.That being said, it did a wonderful job cleaning channel set baguette and round stones. It really removed the grime between and left the wedding band and engagement rings sparkling like new. My husband also used to clean his glasses in it, and it also worked well on my water resistant stainless watch with diamond accents. The capacity on this cleaner is a plus.I was truly disappointed that the machine ceased working, but this time around will probably try another product with a higher average rating than this one. <end>  Not just for jewelry  I purchased the Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner for cleaning small paint sprayer tips and parts on and off the job. Using a product like KrudKutter or collected rain water, this unit proves beneficial for cleaning small parts covered in dried latex paint. We also have a second unit for jewelry used in conjunction with window cleaner. A simple, affordable and most important for me, portable solution for maintaining equipment on the job. <end>  Not bad for home usage  It works fine. But you should not depend on the pure water to deep clean your dirty glasses. Adding a little dish cleaner will give you a good result <end>  Didn't last long  I bought this item a few years ago and then it just stopped working. First it wouldn't shut off, then it stopped all together. I would not recommend this item. <end>  I love this cleaner  This jewelry cleaner is GREAT! You only need to use water, and in three minutes time everything comes out sparkling just like it has been professionally cleaned. It is well worth the price. <end>  Good Value and Performance  This product represents excellent value, quality and performance. It cleaned jewelry shiny as new with a few drops of dishwashing detergent added to the water. I was happy with my purchase and glad I did not buy one of the more expensive cleaners. <end>  It's Great  This HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner is the second one we have had over the last five years. We use it for cleaning all sorts of things from jewelery to the wife's false teeth. Easy to use, doesn't take up to much space. It is one handy piece of equipment to have. <end>  Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner  Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner cleans gold really great. It doesn't do much of anything for silver which really disappointed me because I have lots of silver that is really tarnished. I ran the silver through numerous times with a few drops of detergent, as recommended. It remained tarnished. Gold, on the other hand, looks like it just came from the jewelry store. Not so sure its worth the money. Try another manufacturer. <end>  Jewelry Cleaner  I like this jewelry cleaner very much, although nothing in the description said you must use a jewelry cleaning fluid. In fact, it said it could be used with nothing but water. The directions that came with it did not mention that, and supplied a bottle of cleaner. I am rather disappointed about that.Mireille McKell <end>  What's the voltage ?  I have noticed that in many cases, Amazon has failed to include the voltage used by electrical appliances. There are some cases where the voltage was stated, but no mention was made whether it can be switched to another voltage.In this particular case, I couldn't decide whether to buy it because I cannot take the risk that it can be used in my country.Voltage should be made a standard information for all electrical products on offer. <end>  Pretty good on most items, easier than scrubbing forever!  I read the 1st review of this item, and ordered the cleaner anyway, hoping for better results. Indeed my Haier machine works quite well. BUT...don't expect jewelry and coins to come out sparkling clean, like the pictures and the hype. Instead, think of the machine as a shortcut to a lot of scrubbing with a toothbrush. Earrings gunked up with hairspray were somewhat cleaner after a few cycles; but then after just a short scrub with a soft brush, they were as good as new! Same with diamond rings, etc. The cleaner helped greatly, but did not clean everything immaculately all by itself. The cleaner really gets into the nooks and crannies in watchbands, etc., but again, some follow-up is needed with a brush.In my opinion, it is definately worth it's purchse price. <end>  Effective Cleaner  I've been using this machine once a month to clean my wedding rings and three years later they still look new. Does a great job of removing the buildup behind the diamond setting where a toothbrush just doesn't quite reach. I also like the fact you can use plain water. <end>  Buy something else.  Quit working 2nd time turned on. Not only would not turn on, but rattled inside when shaken. BUY ANOTHER BRAND. Plus they charge for shipping when returning for warranty repairs. <end>  Worked for 1 day  I purchased the Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner and it stopped working after the first day. Until then, I was happy with the results, as I cleaned almost all of my jewelry. I followed the instructions to the letter, including unplugging the unit after each use and changing the water each time. Then, it just stopped working. I took it back and now I'm searching for another ultrasonic cleaner with better reviews. <end>  You'll Take Your Chances  This is an inexpensive, good looking, and efficient enough cleaner, but may have very limited life due to faulty components. I've purchased three of these, and know now it was a poor investment. The first stopped working after 5 months, and thinking it just bad luck, bought two more; one, I gave as a gift and reportedly is still working, but the second stopped working for me after almost a year of regular use. It works well, but you'll take your chances with this unit. <end>  Too weak to clean anything  I bought this knowing that there are very few home ultrasonic cleaners that can do the job that manufacturers describe they can do. I was right. This one failed to vibrate any dust or residue off from my dirty KEYS, let alone rings and necklaces. The power is just too weak. I have used an industrial-powered ultrasonic cleaner on anything from watches to rings to eyeglasses, and the effect is amazing! After a couple of items the entire pool of water became muddied. When I used this ultrasonic cleaner on a handful of jewelry, the water remained pristine.My advice is unless you're willing to shell out $500 for a real ultrasonic cleaner, you're better off just going to the jeweler to get your jewelry cleaned. <end>  fell apart  First the cover to the on/off buttons fell off. I didn't mind because it still worked (left button = on, right = off). Then the bottom came loose from the rest of it. It still worked, so I still didn't mind. I just held it carefully from the bottom. Finally, the bottom fell all the way off, wires appeared (one of them was severed), and an important looking piece broke off and sprang forth from its innards. Now it's in the trash. .P.S. These things happened during normal and non-traumatic use. All I have done is press buttons on it and take it back and forth from the cabinet.Edited 10/20/06I bought another one of these hoping I'd just had a lemon. Nope. Second unit is in the trash. This time the plastic covering of the screws popped off so I had to hold the top in place while opening and closing it. Then it stopped working altogether. <end>  Don't bother with this item  I purchased this item approximately 7 months ago. Initially it did a credible job, especially when used with a soapy water solution. However after 7 months the cleaner no longer works - there is no warranty with the manufacturer so this gadget is in the trash. <end>  Here's the trick!  My jeweler ordered this for us when we purchased our wedding rings. He is a respected jeweler who has been in the business for years and years. The jewelry cleaner works fantastic if your jeweler provides you with a powder cleaning solution to pour(tablespoon)into the water once you fill it to the line with water. You need more than just water, you need this professional cleaning powder for it to really have professional results. Even though it tells you to use water only, my jeweler was not at all concerened about using this powder in the cleaner. He said that you get okay resukts with just water, but the company that makes it certainly won't tell you that to get great results go to your jeweler and get this powder, especially because the powder is not sold to the public. I don't know what the powder is called. It used to be green, now it is orange-both work great. I'm sure that it is acidic and somewhat caustic, yet not dangerous when in adult hands. Obviously you don't want to get it on your skin and if you do, you must wash the area immediately. This is true of many household cleaners. This powder has never caused corrosion in my machine and my jewelry comes out like my jeweler just cleaned it. So there you go, that's the trick! <end>  nice build-terrible cleaning  Dandy build quality. More than I expected for ~$40. But I might have well been soaking things in a glass of water. I've had cleaners before that actually worked. This made noise and nothing more. The instructions say to use water. That wouldn't work even if this thing did. So I added untrasonic cleaning liquid and tried it again. Still nothing. Off to Sharper Image for the ~$80 one I guess. <end>  GOOD ENOUGH  WE LIKE IT AND USE IT OFTEN .......GREAT FOR EYE GLASSES ...ITS ALL IT SHOULD BE FOR THE PRICE <end>  Makes noise - doesn't clean  My wife had to have this gadget, so I ordered it from Amazon. She used it a couple of times before giving up on it as a lost cause. Now it sits in the bottom of her bathroom vanity cabinet. Interestingly other folks say it works great for softening gunk before they scrubbed the gunk off with a toothbrush. I think this is the result of soaking, not this device's cleaning abilities. Pass on this, and buy a cheap electric toothbrush instead. <end>  It's worth to buy this jewelry cleaner rather than got other more expensive one!!!  I am glad to get this jewelry cleaner for $29.99 with Prime 2 days free shipping. A great deal...now I clean my wedding band and engagement ring everyday due to my work, I always have to touch food and grease easily made the rings dirty. I also clean my husband's ring and sunglasses. Add 2 drops of hand soap, it helps!!! That's great now I can keep my rings shinny like new!!!  ) <end>  this is cool  its cool how you can clean all kinds of little thing with just water, works well on glasses <end>  must have product!  this product is incredible and a bargain compared to the high prices of professional system. this is very effective at removing grime from body jewelry,even electric shaver parts. buy it and you won't be disappointed. i even soak my jewelry and razor pieces in hot soapy water and give them a good spray wash before putting them in here. you wouldn't believe how much nasty residue is left that this machine removes. when you see the filth in the used water and on the paper towel after you wipe it down you will never want to use your shaver or jewelry without it. <end>  Haier Ultrasonic Cleaner  For cleaning dentures my dentist suggested an ultrasonic cleaner (he said that's what they use) so I went online to Amazon and after searching several, I bought the Haier Ultrasonic Cleaner. I wanted it specifically for cleaning dentures ... I use it once a week and what a difference!! It also cleans jewelry very well, even watches! It's definitely worth the money! <end>  Awesome!  This ultrasonic cleaner is definitely worth it's value. I've cleaned everything from jewelry to watches, to glasses and each with the same awesome results. I highly recommend this product. It's easy to use, easy to clean and gets great results. - Hilo, HI <end>  Nice compact unit  If you're looking for an ultrasonic cleaner for general purpose usage then this is your unit. I've used it to clean a variety of objects and it definitely does the job. It has been trouble-free. The size of the unit is compact enough for easy storage or travel. In short, this cleaner performs as advertised. <end>  Don't recommend product =0(  Unfortunately a waste of money. Didn't really clean the pieces that needed to be cleaned. Just shined up the ones that were already cleaned. Polish cloths worked 100% better. <end>  a happy customer  I am very happy with the purchase. It was delivered promptly. We like it. It is simple and easy to use. No chemicals needed. <end>  great deal  I've recieved this jewelry cleaner about 2wks ago and found that it works really good as long as you add some jewelry cleaner solution. (I recommend Coinussuers). I just set it and walk away,then in a few minutes I find my jewelry sparkling clean. No scrubbing required. GREAT GEM CLEANER! <end>  Didn't Work For Me  After hearing how Russian Doctors use sound to clean their hands before surgery, and how som Counterfiters used sonic dental cleaning devices to remove the ink from one dollar bills, I was looking forward to sonic cleaning machines for the home.This one didn't clean my dentures at all. When I tried my eye glasses, they wouldn't even fit completely in the tray. It didn't clean them either. I tried my Silver Medalion, and Bronze Challenge Coin. They looked the same coming out as they did going in.Using Sound to clean things is a great idea, it's a shame this product doesn't do the job. <end>  It works great!  It works as great as it is. Certainly I don't expect it to be as powerful as the ones we seen in optical shops, yet it serve the purpose for home-use desktop cleaning. <end>  Trying again...  This cleaner works well enough, although I usually run it for 2 or 3 cycles. This is the second one of these that I have bought though...the first one just up and died! <end>  Great for eyeglasses  My wife cleans her eyeglasses daily with this cleaner and loves it. <end>  Works Great on My Glasses  I bought it primarily to clean my glasses - the bridge and nose piece get pretty dirty from body oils. Works great! Did an excellent cleaning job.Also I like that is just uses tap water, no chemicals needed (no expence, don't have to keep track of them, or handle).Have done some jewelry rings with it - also worked well. <end>  Good ring cleaner  I use this product pretty regularly as it works best on every day build up. I use a little soap and clean my eye glasses in it as well. I usually run my wedding ring through a couple of cycles each week and it looks like new. For friends I sometimes clean their rings, if they are really dull with build up, it takes a few times to start to look good. Overall, I feel it was a good purchase especially for the price. <end>  ULTRASONIC CLEANER  I AM AN OPTOMETRIST AND I USE THIS IN MY OFFICE EVERY DAY.I F DOES A FINE JOB CLEANING GLASSES. <end>  Pathetic Cleaning Power before it Died Altogether  I'm wearing plastic InvisAlign "aligners" on my teeth (adult orthodontics) and was using this (so called) ultrasonic "cleaner" on them. First off, it has a timer that keeps the "cleaner" on for about three minutes. I quickly learned that three minutes was never getting the job done. So I developed a routine of hitting the button every time I passed for about a half hour each evening. Even this wasn't doing a complete job and I ended up scrubbing them with a toothbrush every few days. Thankfully this "cleaner" just stopped working one day (bought is in March -- died in October -- 7 month lifespan). Now I'll try getting one that actually does its job. <end>  Nicely made but...  I purchased the HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner to use with my hobbies and expected it to make small part cleaning easier. The primary use was to be cleaning knobs and other parts from antique radio equipment. After several cleaning cycles, I still had to clean the knobs manually with a toothbrush. I also tried to use it to clean my razor with similar results. I tried to clean coins with no noticable results. The "buzzing" sound it makes when running makes me think it is not really running at ultrasonic speeds. It seems to be well made and is an attractive design that is reasonably priced. It did a reasonable job of cleaning my toothbrush. I would reccommend buying a more expensive unit and leaving this one on the shelf. <end>  Just got it and works great  At first I was skeptical, but most of the reviews here say good things about it. I got my machine today, April 30, 2008, and quickly put it to the test. I put some gold jewerly and a pair of glasses to test it out. The gold came out nice, but I didn't notice much difference. This was due to the fact that the gold wasn't that dirty to begin with. THEN I put in my eye glasses and right before my eyes, a gunk of dirt was flying off the glasses. After about 2 cycles at 3 minutes a piece, the eye glasses came out almost like new. The dirt that was trapped under the frame attaching the glass to the metal was zapped away with the cleaner. Before I could not reach those areas to clean, but this machine did the job for me.In order to really test it, you will need something dirty to begin with. It works great! <end>  Perfect gift item  Very easy to use. I have given this to several people as gifts. They comment on how new and bright my jewelry looks and always wanted me to clean theirs when they visited so I gave to some as Christmas and birthday gifts.Great choice for any woman with nice jewelry.Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner <end>  Great Product!  This jewelry cleaner is the best, although the jewelry does come out more sparkly when I put a bit of jewelry cleaner in the water. But I love it. <end>  Great for diamonds, but,...  Wonderful for engagement rings and wedding bands, but, not great at cleaning metals or other jewelery. <end>  Not Haier brand!  I bought this item from Jeweler's Supermarket because I wanted to get the Haier HU335W. What arrived was an Optima 3501. I never would have purchased from Jeweler's Supermarket had I known that they would not send me the item as described. I do own a Haier HU335W and really like it, but did not want to give an item as a gift that I had not ever tried before! <end>  Wife is pleased with product  ....and that's what is important. She has quite a lot of jewelry (not too $$) and she is happy with this. <end>  Mom had 1 & daughter wanted 1  It cleans real good. You can clean anything that will fit in it, eye glasses, bracelet, & earrings. It's a little pricey. <end>  IT's OK  It's OK. Wish it had an option to leave it turned on for a longer period of time though.DONT USE ALCOHOL TO FILL THE RESERVOIR! The plastic window on the lid will get all cloudy and melted. Still works well though, just ugly now. <end>  Brilliant diamonds  I read in other reviews that this is best on jewelry, and that is true. My husband bought me a gorgeous ring with Leo diamonds - which are known for their brilliance and light/color scintillation. I use the Ultrasonic Cleaner at least once a week and my diamonds look amazing! Just like the first day! <end>  Unsatisfactory  It really did not clean my silvers well. In fact, they were still very much stained even after a few more trials. <end>  Works, but takes more than once  This cleaner does what it should, but don't expect miracles. Jewelry won't come out like new, but it will be clean. It always takes more than 1 three minute cycle. But after a few (for mild dirt) to many cycles (for very dirty), your jewelry should be clean. I have only had it for about a month, but I've heard that you might need to seal it or it will leak and damage the wiring, but found that it has a rubber seal already. <end>  so far so good. Use a mild soap.  My fiance and I received this as a shower gift at the beginning of this year. We have used it maybe 5 to 10 times already. My fiance used it to clean her silver and gold jewelry, and some gemstones, and she thought it did a good job. She suggested to use a mild soap. Sometimes she had to run the jewelry through a few cycles. I used it for my glasses and added just a little hand soap to it. I do landscape construction and my glasses get filthy/muddy. I ran it 1 cycle and it cleaned them great. It is really simple to use- just push 1 button. I'm happy with it and I will continue to use it, with mild soap. <end>  Total Disappointment  I purchased this product without reading the reviews and was very disappointed with the results. I bought it primarily to clean a diamond ring that has hard to access places. It cleaned the easily accessible places as well as a brush but it failed to clean the hard to reach places. I also used it to try to clean my retainers with dismal results. The directions said to add dishwasher detergent to clean tough spots. I tried that as well to no avail. I guess I should have tried the jewelry cleaner before I returned it. With plain water or detergent it was worthless. <end>  I have one my mom got at a garage sale and it works great  We use it for our jewelry and glasses. I like it quite a lot since I don't have to worry about chemicals. Gets everything very clean and shiny. <end>  Just Doesn't Work  Ordered this at my wife's request. She's tried cleaning silver earrings--run multiple cycles--added detergent as suggested. It just doesn't clean. An old toothbrush and toothpaste works much better. A very disappointing piece of junk. <end>  Poor custom servie when it is broken  Originally, I was happy with the product. However, it does not work anymore after a few uses, and it has passed the 90 day warranty time. I contacted the customer service line in their user manual. I am very disappointed at their poor customer service. The lady refused to give me any information where to fix it. Don't buy this product unless you are ready to throw it away and buy a new one if it is broken and passed the warranty time. <end>  Don't bother  I purchased this item on 4/25 received it on 4/48.. it worked fine then suddenly decided to stop working on 10/2. Tried to contact the company and the response I got was sorry it is over 90 days old... we can't help you...I realize this is not one of the most expensive ultrasonic cleaners made, but I only use is about once a week.. I would expect it to work for more than 5 months. <end>  Expected Better  It's not a bad item but doesn't really work like described. Several cycles are needed in order to clean an item and some additional brushing might be required. It's just OK. <end>  Works great within its capabilties.  Updated  broke after one year or so of bi-monthly use. Poorly made lid gasket allowed water to rust the micro-switches used to turn the device on and off. Do not expect long-use. Would give 3 stars if I could change my review.Ultrasound cleaning is not a magic bullet. It will not make heavily oxidized jewelry sparkle. It will however loosen dirt and grease effortlessly on glasses, gears... <end>  Like Magic!  I love this little machine! It cleaned all my rings and earrings in only 1 or 2 cycles. It cleaned my watch wonderfully, all the dirt between the links came out in only one cycle. I had a necklace that was really dirty and this took some heavy duty cleaning, about 8 cycles, but now it looks brand new! I added 2 drops of dishwashing soap when I added fresh water. This is definitely worth what I paid for it, you won't be disappointed! <end>  Can't touch the big boys  This is a small cleaner which does the trick for gold and gems. Not powerful enough to remove tarnish from silver even with jewelery cleaner. Would have spend a little more to buy an American made product. <end>  Works as advertised  Wife has used this for the past 4 years. Works as advertised. I normally don't buy the cheap chinese Haier products, but this one actually works and its durable. <end>  Works great  I bought this for my mother as a Christmas present. I used it a couple times and it seems to do an excellent job cleaning jewelry. This cleans with just water and no harsh chemicals. You can see all the dirt at the bottom of the tank when it's done. <end>  Wham Bam Thank You HU335W  It does the job no one else will do, and it does it well. No complaints.Its been working for almost 2 years now. <end>  The power button stops working (had two of these)  It does an OK job of cleaning, but the power button stops working after a while (used once a day for a few months).I bought another because they were cheap (on sale at harbor freight). The 2nd one just died even faster than the first.It's just the power button. The mechanics are fine. <end>  almost good  A nice compact unit that seems to work okay. The major drawback in my book is the 3 minute timer that is about 2 minutes in duration. It would have been better served if it had a consumer controlled timing. <end>  Ultrasonic Cleaner  Works OK, not great. But in all fairness, it's a fairly low cost unit. If you want really great cleaning better spend more. <end>  It's ok with less than a year  I purchased this product to clean my Invisilign retainers. It did an okay job for almost a year but then it died on me. This equipment might be a good idea for occasional use but not everyday. Reliability is not there yet!. <end>  Ultrasonic Cleaner  Good tool to use for regular cleaning maintenance. Certain things like copper jewelry or eye glasses will still need extra cleaning so if you're looking for something that does a real thorough job this may not be the item for you. Otherwise the sky is the limit. I dont regret buying the item, but I knew not to have high expectations for the price I paid by comparison to other cleaners. <end>  Great jewelry cleaner  This is a great jewelry cleaner. It brings out the best in every peice I have. my husband gets very dirty with what he does and this cleaner does a great job on his watch. I am very impressed with it. <end>
 B0000BXFM6  Sterling Silver, Red Agate 1-Strand Bead Bracelet ||	  More grey than red  I received this bracelet a couple of days ago, and while the quality seems good, the color is really off. It's more gray and tan than it is red, which was a bit disappointing since the red looks so nice in the picture. I have seen similar bracelets for much higher prices, but if you have your heart set on a nice red agate, you might want to keep looking. <end>
 B0000BXG2W  Sterling Silver 4mm Bead Chain w/ Diamond Accent Heart Pendant, 17" ||	  Beautiful - but poorly made.  The chain and pendant are beautiful - exactly as described. However, after only wearing it twice, the clasp broke. <end>  A light weight  The necklace is fair. I was not that impressed. Although the price is relatively low, I think one could do better than this little number. <end>
 B0000BY88G  18k Yellow Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/2ctw, G-H, VS2) ||	  Better Quality & Quick Delivery  Needed a nice gift for my wife and didn't want to pay top $$ at the local stores. We were both very pleased with the look of the pieces as well as the packaging. All the specs met or exceeded those promised. The IGI certification is a simplified report, perhaps appropriate to items in this price range. Only big disappointment is that a mounting apparently broke seven months after receiving and one earring is lost. <end>  Slightly Disappointed  While I have been shopping for a very decent pair of diamond earrings, I was a little disappointed at what I received. Even though they were nice, for being 1/2 carat, they were very, very, small. I feel the price would had been somewhat reasonable if the diamonds actually looked like they were 1/2 carat. <end>
 B0000BY89K  Platinum Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (3/4ct , G-H, VS2) ||	  High value at an incredible low price  This is an incredible gift. Nearly colorless. Impurities are invisible. Came in a very elegant and classy wooden box. I can't think of anything better at this price. <end>
 B0000BYA38  Sterling Silver Oval Tag Key Holder ||	  It is what it is!  I am very satisfied with the keychain. It came in a nice box and velvet protector. It looks just like it does in the photo and is holding up well considering I drop my keys often. I would recommend this product to others. <end>  Suitable for anyone's keys  This is a really beautiful key ring. Amazon ran it on a super special for half off, or for $11.50 plus super saver shipping. I bought it for my 12-year-old grandson's birthday next year and plan to have his initials monogrammed on it. I was afraid from the picture that this would be too feminine and was prepared to keep it for myself if necessary because my fingernails are brittle, and this ring doesn't require the usual struggle to force on the keys. My husband took a look at it and said that he would definitely use it. So, apparently I was short sighted and should have bought three of these. January 23, 2008 update  I had this engraved, and it came out beautifully, using three letters. This will cost you between $20 and $25 at a reputable jewelers store. <end>
 B0000BYA3I  Sterling Silver Round Tag Key Holder ||	  Key ring with fob, pretty but light weight., not a potential heirloom  It is a nice piece of jewelry but a bit light weight. I got it to replace a lost silver ring & fob I had carried since 1975. I'm 78, don't expect to need the new product that long but would have preferred a heavier gage silver anyway. <end>
 B0000BYA41  Sterling Silver Narrow Cross Pendant, 18" ||	  Pretty but beware flimsy chain!  I really liked the way this cross and chain looked. Unfortunately, I only got to enjoy it for about a week before the flimsy chain broke and I lost the whole thing. <end>  Mixed review  I ordered this cross & chain and the order got lost. However, when I contacted Amazon.com, it was replaced immediately, and I was VERY happy with the item and the very quick service. However, I loved the cross so much, I wore it every day. I was careful not to put it under stress but one morning after about a week, when I picked it up to put it on the chain broke. I just picked it up off of a table and it fell apart. Is there anyway I can find another 18" chain, maybe sturdier to wear with this cross? I like this cross and would only like to buy another chain for it so I can wear it again. Thank you for your help! <end>  broken chain  I love this cross so much , and the design is perfect. but the same problem is that the chain was broken in a week, i was really upset thatthe chain doesnt seem that high quality, is there any way i could but a 18' chain, because 35 dollar is not a cheap price just for a chain. <end>  Comments about the chain are correct  I received this pendant necklace and absolutely agree with the comments regarding the necklace. The pendant itself is definitely more substantial (heavy and thicker) than the pictures show, and the delicate necklace does not seem like the proper thickness to support the pendant weight. The necklace itself is quite lovely, though. I'm returning this necklace to find something more delicate altogether. <end>  Nice Charm, Awful Chain  I agree with everyone else, the chain is just too thin for the pendant. The cross was surprisingly substantial in weight, which I was pleased to see. I didn't even try wearing it with that chain and went and bought a nice one for 10 bucks. I still say this cross is worth the money, even without the chain. <end>  Cross  Arrived in perfect condition. The chain however was too thin and we opted to have another one put on it. It's a beautiful item and it's been worn a lot. <end>  small cross but very pretty  Bought this to replace one much like it that my wife lost. She really likes it because it looks like an exact replacement. A very good buy. <end>  Beautiful, but flimsy chain  The cross is absolutely beautiful because the silver simply gleams. It is highly polished and all the corners are gently burnished so there are no sharp edges.The size and style makes it very appropriate to be worn by either a man or woman, however the chain is extremely feminine and very flimsy. I'm purchasing a separate 24" chain for it to replace the one that came with it. <end>
 B0000BYRFJ  18k White Gold 3/4ctw Princess-cut Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 5.5 ||	  My mom couldn't even get me a better deal!  My mom is in the jewelry business, and she couldn't find us nearly as good a deal as this ring for diamonds of the same quality and clarity. When I got the ring, I had both the IGI certification, my mother, and my own observations to verify that, in fact, the diamonds are of the quality and clarity shown--really, they are closer to G quality on average than H! When my boyfriend and I went to Tiffany's, a similar ring that they showed us was also G and VS2 quality, but a lot more costly.*To note about this ring 1. It has a rather comfortable, comfort-fit band.2. At the end of the row of diamonds, the channel extends with a bit of a flat plane. You can see the profile of the two end diamonds.3. The band is the same width all the way around--not tapered.Personally, I think the channel setting is rather classic in feel, while the cut-outs at the end of the channel add a slightly modern flair.Also, the ring that I got was actually a size 5.25, when we ordered a size 5. In particular, when you put the ring on a mandril to measure it, the bottom of the ring is at about 5.25 whereas the middle comes to around 5.00. (Due to this error, I am rating the ring a 4, though overall I am quite pleased). Turns out, I am really a 4.75, so I had the ring I got sized. Suffice to say, if you are in-between sizes, I would get the smaller size to be safe.* If you have about 5x this amount of money and want to spend it, go to Tiffany's and get the partial of Lucida diamonds in a platinum setting. That ring is gorgeous--particularly the Lucida diamond, which is a proprietary cut of diamond that is being patented by Tiffany's and is only sold there. I think it'll make a great wedding band;) <end>
 B0000C056D  18k Yellow Gold Heart Singapore Necklace, 17" ||	  Cute necklace  I bought this cute little gift for my sweetheart and believe me, it was worth every penny...Highly recommended for smittens... <end>  Understated elegance  I bought this necklace to give as a Christmas gift and I'm so glad that I did. This is very impressive looking piece of jewelry. Excellent color and weight, it's just right for a tween girl, or for anyone who likes gold [jewerly] that has some bling but is just a little conservative. Great deal! <end>  Excellent "I luv u" and "better than 2 dozen roses" gift!  I was sceptical about ordering jewelry from the web but I pretty much shop online these days. I was looking for something simple to give my girlfriend and I found this chain and pendant with a good review. I ordered on August 7th even though it mentioned out of stock but would be shipped soon and to my surprise, I recieved it on aug 10th. The packaging was excellent and the pendant/chain even better. My girlfriend loved it and she has much better taste in jewelry then I do and she was surprised with my selection too ;). Would definitely recommend it. <end>
 B0000C057W  18k Yellow Gold Textured Figure-Eight Earrings ||	  Beautiful but dumb  I loved the look of these earrings, but quickly found their flaw  the clasp. Two problems. First, the twisted design of the earring makes it a little difficult to line up the wire with the "fork," which was annoying. But even worse is that the clasp isn't adequate for the weight of the earrings, so they drop off if you shake your head or walk across a room. Be careful. <end>  Beautiful  I was very happy with the beauty, weight and quality of these earrings. They are clearly marked at &quot;750&quot;, (18KT), made in Italy. They look great on, substantial, with alot of movement. A larger hoop earring with a low price for what you receive. <end>  Misleading  The earrings are very attractive but there are a few gray areas regarding what the earrings are composed of.The editorial review states that they are made of 14k and are lightweight. For the size of the earrings, if they were solid gold, they would be heavier so they must be plated, and this is never mentioned. What is the base metal? Also the product spec's state that they are made of 18k gold.So which is it, 18k of 14k, are they solid or plated? $95.00 isn't expensive or cheap but I guess I expected a little more than I should have, I suppose. <end>  Beautiful..not dumb  For the price of 18K, I was not expecting Tiffany quality. However, they are a great value for every day wear and if lost, I will not be too heart broken as they are not a huge expense. I must say that I was pleasantly surprise at their size and weight as again, they were under $50 which is unheard of for 18K. I found them to be comfortable and a upgrade in style from the typical hoop which has me quite pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B0000C4CHY  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Pleasantly surprised!  After looking at dozens of other stores, I kept coming back to this ring for both the style and the price (after all, it is shipped free and would only take a few bucks to ship back if we didn't like it!) I do have to say that it did take a solid 3 weeks for this ring to arrive - longer than expected. But once it did, we were so happy with the purchase! It is a beautiful ring with a lot of weight to it - it feels very heavy in hand. It also has the slightly raised center portion that is just enough to give it an original look, but not too much that it looks too trendy. Another advantage over a brick and mortar store is that you can buy the ring in the exact size you need. A lot of regular stores only have what is in stock, and it has to be resized for you, possibly affecting the integrity of the ring. This is a very shiny classic that we are going to enjoy for years to come! Looks much better in person!!! <end>  A beautiful Ring!  After looking in various jewelry stores and searching the internet, my husband and I found this ring and it was exactly what he had in mind! We got married in May, and it still looks brand new! The size charts are accurate, and it fit him perfectly. A great deal for such a nice wedding band. <end>  Great purchase!  Like the other reviewers, I love this ring. It's heavy and durable, but it has nice detailing that isn't too flashy for my husband. He loves it, and jewelry stores would probably charge $500 or so for the same size ring. I am VERY satisfied with this purchase!! <end>  A nice ring  I love the design of this ring, and the fit was correct and comfortable. It scratches more easily than I had hoped, though I have to admit I'm not terribly easy on it. It polishes up nicely though. <end>  My ring  This is my wedding ring and I have had it for 2 years and it still looks great. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this ring in November 2007 as my husband's wedding band. It is beautiful. He is very pleased with the ring. He has never had a problem with the comfort, even though he has never worn jewelry before. Love it!! Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!!  I could not be happier with this ring.It is gorgeous, solid, nice weight (it doesn't feel cheap), and it really shines.They shipped it to me several days prior to the estimated delivery date.And I actually order a size too big (I think they run a little big), and Amazon was so courteous and efficient about returning the product and ordering a new one that fit, they really made it painless.I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a quality wedding band who doesn't want to spend a fortune on an equal product. After this experience I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry through Amazon. <end>  Badly Scratched  The ring had a deep scratch in it. Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life. Better choice I think. <end>
 B0000C4CI4  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 5 ||	  Pleasantly surprised!  After looking at dozens of other stores, I kept coming back to this ring for both the style and the price (after all, it is shipped free and would only take a few bucks to ship back if we didn't like it!) I do have to say that it did take a solid 3 weeks for this ring to arrive - longer than expected. But once it did, we were so happy with the purchase! It is a beautiful ring with a lot of weight to it - it feels very heavy in hand. It also has the slightly raised center portion that is just enough to give it an original look, but not too much that it looks too trendy. Another advantage over a brick and mortar store is that you can buy the ring in the exact size you need. A lot of regular stores only have what is in stock, and it has to be resized for you, possibly affecting the integrity of the ring. This is a very shiny classic that we are going to enjoy for years to come! Looks much better in person!!! <end>  A beautiful Ring!  After looking in various jewelry stores and searching the internet, my husband and I found this ring and it was exactly what he had in mind! We got married in May, and it still looks brand new! The size charts are accurate, and it fit him perfectly. A great deal for such a nice wedding band. <end>  Great purchase!  Like the other reviewers, I love this ring. It's heavy and durable, but it has nice detailing that isn't too flashy for my husband. He loves it, and jewelry stores would probably charge $500 or so for the same size ring. I am VERY satisfied with this purchase!! <end>  A nice ring  I love the design of this ring, and the fit was correct and comfortable. It scratches more easily than I had hoped, though I have to admit I'm not terribly easy on it. It polishes up nicely though. <end>  My ring  This is my wedding ring and I have had it for 2 years and it still looks great. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this ring in November 2007 as my husband's wedding band. It is beautiful. He is very pleased with the ring. He has never had a problem with the comfort, even though he has never worn jewelry before. Love it!! Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!!  I could not be happier with this ring.It is gorgeous, solid, nice weight (it doesn't feel cheap), and it really shines.They shipped it to me several days prior to the estimated delivery date.And I actually order a size too big (I think they run a little big), and Amazon was so courteous and efficient about returning the product and ordering a new one that fit, they really made it painless.I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a quality wedding band who doesn't want to spend a fortune on an equal product. After this experience I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry through Amazon. <end>  Badly Scratched  The ring had a deep scratch in it. Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life. Better choice I think. <end>
 B0000C4CIA  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Pleasantly surprised!  After looking at dozens of other stores, I kept coming back to this ring for both the style and the price (after all, it is shipped free and would only take a few bucks to ship back if we didn't like it!) I do have to say that it did take a solid 3 weeks for this ring to arrive - longer than expected. But once it did, we were so happy with the purchase! It is a beautiful ring with a lot of weight to it - it feels very heavy in hand. It also has the slightly raised center portion that is just enough to give it an original look, but not too much that it looks too trendy. Another advantage over a brick and mortar store is that you can buy the ring in the exact size you need. A lot of regular stores only have what is in stock, and it has to be resized for you, possibly affecting the integrity of the ring. This is a very shiny classic that we are going to enjoy for years to come! Looks much better in person!!! <end>  A beautiful Ring!  After looking in various jewelry stores and searching the internet, my husband and I found this ring and it was exactly what he had in mind! We got married in May, and it still looks brand new! The size charts are accurate, and it fit him perfectly. A great deal for such a nice wedding band. <end>  Great purchase!  Like the other reviewers, I love this ring. It's heavy and durable, but it has nice detailing that isn't too flashy for my husband. He loves it, and jewelry stores would probably charge $500 or so for the same size ring. I am VERY satisfied with this purchase!! <end>  A nice ring  I love the design of this ring, and the fit was correct and comfortable. It scratches more easily than I had hoped, though I have to admit I'm not terribly easy on it. It polishes up nicely though. <end>  My ring  This is my wedding ring and I have had it for 2 years and it still looks great. <end>  Very Pleased  I purchased this ring in November 2007 as my husband's wedding band. It is beautiful. He is very pleased with the ring. He has never had a problem with the comfort, even though he has never worn jewelry before. Love it!! Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!!  I could not be happier with this ring.It is gorgeous, solid, nice weight (it doesn't feel cheap), and it really shines.They shipped it to me several days prior to the estimated delivery date.And I actually order a size too big (I think they run a little big), and Amazon was so courteous and efficient about returning the product and ordering a new one that fit, they really made it painless.I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a quality wedding band who doesn't want to spend a fortune on an equal product. After this experience I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry through Amazon. <end>  Badly Scratched  The ring had a deep scratch in it. Returned it and purchased one from a store which warranties the product for life. Better choice I think. <end>
 B0000C4CII  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIS  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  Wife Loves It  I bought this for my wife and she just loves it. The ring goes on the finger like a dream, and she (and I) adore the way it looks. She tells me it is the best fitting and feeling ring she has ever had. The designers and manufactures got it right on this ring.Also, the size was wrong (my error) when I bought it and the vendor took the ring back and supplied the correct size immediately with no problems whatsoever. <end>  I just love it! It is beautiful!  I ordered this ring on the 28th of December, after not finding anything I liked in the local stores. I was hesitant to buy a ring online, but when this ring came (it arrived today, the 3rd of January) it was so perfect. It is not a wimpy ring, it has some heft to it and it is so, so pretty. I just can't tell you how pleased I am nor can I wipe this smile from my face. <end>
 B0000C4CIX  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CIY  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJ9  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 7.5 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJA  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 8 ||	  A manly ring of very high quality  My husband loves this ring. He said he would never wear a ring, but this one was different. It is very subtle and tasteful for a selective gentlemen. It goes with everything in silver or gold. It's the only ring he wears. <end>  My wedding ring  This is the ring I bought over 3 years ago for my wedding. Shiny yellow gold on the outside with a brushed white-gold middle. It's a very classy two-toned band that is not too wide. I wanted a ring that looked somewhat conventional, yet with a difference. I was leery of ordering my wedding ring over the Internet but the picture is absolutely correct. I love the ring.It's too bad this ring is no longer available, I recommend it highly. <end>
 B0000C4CJG  14k Yellow and White Gold Engraved 7m Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Attractive, well-designed men's wedding ring  Description  This two-tone, 14-karat men's gold wedding ring also sports two finishes. It consists of five zones or bands. The first, third, and fifth bands are shiny/polished and rounded (convex), with the outer bands in white gold, and the middle band in yellow gold. The second and fourth zones are flat and are raised slightly higher than the other bands, which should protect the shiny ones somewhat from damage. These two zones are white gold with a brushed finish and each are approximately 2.5 times the width of one of the shiny bands. The inside of the ring is white gold. The stamps read "14K" and "FA"*.Additional information  Amazon currently has two of this ring style listed (see http //www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000EVXWK/ref=cm_rv_thx_view/103-5051791-5395063?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glance&n;=3367581), one slightly heavier than the other, with different sizes available in each. Unfortunately with both rings, the selection of sizes is limited.Opinion  I had been looking at this style of ring in a local jewelery store but then found this one on Amazon for less than half what the jeweler was asking. When the Amazon ring arrived, I was relieved to find that it was identical to the one I had been considering at the jewelry store.The photo of the ring here does not do it justice. It is a great-looking ring, and heavy enough to feel like gold should, but not so heavy as to be cumbersome. The inside is slightly convex, making the ring quite comfortable to wear.One issue to note  the ring I received appears to have a bit of light wear on the brushed surfaces  some minor nicks and scratches. Perhaps it had been returned by another customer and then shipped to me. I just received the ring tonight, however, so I will need to examine it more closely in the daylight to know whether to ask for an exchange. The bottom line  be sure to examine closely any jewelry you buy.Bottom line(s)  This is a very attractive and modern-looking ring that does not look like a pipe fitting, as do so many other men's rings today. I am very pleased to have found the ring on Amazon and am happy about the design and feel of the product. It will be a fine wedding ring.* Edit  The stamp actually reads "14(c)FG" - the FG = Frederick Goldman. The G looks like an A, though, which I believe must be part of Goldman's trademark. I've had the ring for two years now, and it's still beautiful. The texture on the raised part is smooth now, and more reflective (partly because I mistakenly asked a mall jeweler one day for a quick *polish* rather than a *cleaning*, and didn't catch my mistake before it was too late, and the guy had given it a light abrasive polish), but the ring is still beautiful. Definitely an excellent value; I'll continue to buy jewelry from Amazon. <end>
 B0000C4CKW  14k White Gold Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 4.5 ||	  EXCELLENT Ring!  This ring is by far the best value in the sub $500 price point. I ordered this ring recently and am quite pleased to say the least. The picture absolutely does the ring no justice -- as the craftmanship is outstanding.You cannot go wrong choosing this ring. <end>  Beautiful ring at ANY price!!!  My wife and I decided to update our wedding bands this year for our anniversary. I wanted something different than the plain 4mm comfort-fit yellow gold band I had since our wedding. I looked at many specialty web sites and jewelry stores, but my wife and I both fell in love with this ring. When we saw the price we thought it was too good too be true! We ordered it and received it the following afternoon (with a free shipping promo)! It is stunning! The only minor issue is the ring seems to run a little big (maybe 1/2 a size). Because of the pattern on the ring, it is not able to be resized, but Amazon would let you return it for a new size if necessary. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  I am not one to write reviews, but my husband and I are so very happy with this ring, that I could not resist sharing this with you. The picture cannot display how amazing this ring is. And, it is definitely a bargain for the price! <end>  Quite Lovely  The packaging and the ring itself were quite lovely. Also, my fiance, who is "comfort oriented," was thrilled with the fit. <end>  Excellent quality! Excellent value  My fiance' and I have been looking for rings for some time now. I found a ring identical to this at a local jeweler, but their prices were extraordinarily high. I had almost given up on being able to find the ring and then I came across this item on Amazon -- for almost 1/3 of the cost.The reviews I read sounded promising and I can tell you that I echo everything that has been posted already. Beautiful ring. Excellent finishing. Comfortable. It does run almost a half size big. This is a serious bargain. <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! I bought this for my soon to be husband and he loves it! The center engraving makes this ring stand out among the same boring, shiny, flat wedding band. Just enough originality to make you take a second look! Comfort fit is also great!!! What a steal! <end>  Great price, quality  I was leery about an online jewelry purchase, but this is a great quality ring that is a steal for the price offered. Same ring is $600-$800 in most jewelry stores. Comfort fit also feels great! <end>  My husband loves this ring...  Unfortunately, my husband and I didn't pick out matching bands because he really likes his ring and I don't like mine. Nevertheless, as a previous reviewer said, this ring does run about a half a size bigger than it says so I would recommend that you keep this in mind when you purchase it because if you get it downsized (as my husband did) then the engraved matte inner band can't be salvaged. Even with the downsized ring it still looks nice....we've been married for over 3 years now and the ring looks like it is new (sans the matte center) both in color (white gold) and quality. We had planned to upgrade our bands but he loves his ring so I'll get the upgrade *yay*. <end>
 B0000C4CLE  Men's Titanium and 18k 6mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Beautiful ring  When the ring came I was very impressed, it looks even better in person than in the picture. Sadly, it was too big and had to be returned, but it would have been loved if it had been the right size. <end>
 B0000C4CLL  Men's Titanium with 18k Yellow Gold 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  an amazing ring!  got this ring for my future husband. loved that it wasn't your everyday looking mans wedding band. And He loves it too. He wants to wear it now but I'm making him wait till the wedding day. That's just how much he loves the look of this ring. He will be so proud to show it off! <end>  Special Wedding Band  The ring is strong, simple, unique, and has great "eye-appeal". I love it and am completely happy with my purchase. As should be expected, having the 18K Gold stripe in the design, the ring does scratch. It doesn't matter, as it is a lovely ring and only improves (the sentimentality) with age (as we all do!!!) <end>  Husband's wedding band  My husband picked out this ring when we got married. I bought it for him, and it just looks amazing on him. It does have a few scratches (it's 7 months old) but I wouldn't go back and change it because it is so beautiful. <end>  LOVE IT!  I gave this ring to my husband for our 13th anniversary. His original gold ring was very beat up and way too big since he has lost a large amount of weight since our wedding. The Titanium of this ring is great. Besides the everyday wear it has to endure we are also building a house ourselves so it has to handle lots of banging. So far so good. It is also BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Please read this BEFORE you buy!  I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it. After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back. Turns out they WON'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars! I am livid! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased. This product was disappointing and customer service didn't help in the least. So sad. <end>  The odd one in  What caught my attention to this was not only the color but the lack of shine and odd color. My husband and I have been married twice, divorced once(you read right) and not once has HE had a wedding band. His job requires extensive use of his hands with small parts. This ring will withstand the dings other rings may be subject too. Since my husband isn't into the shine and sparkle of gold and diamonds, I was looking at white gold and saw this ring. I may buy it for him. Of course I need to finish my scouting first but this #1 so far. I think it's a beautiful, practical wedding band for any man who uses his hands a lot at work. Since this will be the first band he gets, I want it to be special, and I'm on a budget of 500 dollars so that works. This is a one of a kind. I recommend it. <end>
 B0000C4CLN  Men's Titanium with 18k Yellow Gold 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band., Size 9.5 ||	  an amazing ring!  got this ring for my future husband. loved that it wasn't your everyday looking mans wedding band. And He loves it too. He wants to wear it now but I'm making him wait till the wedding day. That's just how much he loves the look of this ring. He will be so proud to show it off! <end>  Special Wedding Band  The ring is strong, simple, unique, and has great "eye-appeal". I love it and am completely happy with my purchase. As should be expected, having the 18K Gold stripe in the design, the ring does scratch. It doesn't matter, as it is a lovely ring and only improves (the sentimentality) with age (as we all do!!!) <end>  Husband's wedding band  My husband picked out this ring when we got married. I bought it for him, and it just looks amazing on him. It does have a few scratches (it's 7 months old) but I wouldn't go back and change it because it is so beautiful. <end>  LOVE IT!  I gave this ring to my husband for our 13th anniversary. His original gold ring was very beat up and way too big since he has lost a large amount of weight since our wedding. The Titanium of this ring is great. Besides the everyday wear it has to endure we are also building a house ourselves so it has to handle lots of banging. So far so good. It is also BEAUTIFUL! <end>  Please read this BEFORE you buy!  I bought this ring for my husband and he wore it for six days on our Honeymoon before I noticed a lot of chips and dents on it. After calling Amazon customer service I was fairly certain that it would be returned if I sent it back. Turns out they WON'T return it and now I am out two hundred dollars! I am livid! They claim that it was scratched due to wear and since it has been worn it is no longer returnable even if its defective! The ring was even returned about two weeks after it was purchased. This product was disappointing and customer service didn't help in the least. So sad. <end>  The odd one in  What caught my attention to this was not only the color but the lack of shine and odd color. My husband and I have been married twice, divorced once(you read right) and not once has HE had a wedding band. His job requires extensive use of his hands with small parts. This ring will withstand the dings other rings may be subject too. Since my husband isn't into the shine and sparkle of gold and diamonds, I was looking at white gold and saw this ring. I may buy it for him. Of course I need to finish my scouting first but this #1 so far. I think it's a beautiful, practical wedding band for any man who uses his hands a lot at work. Since this will be the first band he gets, I want it to be special, and I'm on a budget of 500 dollars so that works. This is a one of a kind. I recommend it. <end>
 B0000C4KOG  Sterling Silver Open Spirals Ring by Caroline Ballou, Size 7 ||	  Beautiful and Unique Ring  I will definitely order other pieces from this designer! The craftsmanship is impressive, and the weight of the ring was more substantial than I had expected from sterling silver. The ring was presented in a nice quality pouch and navy blue gift box. <end>
 B0000C6BO0  Zina Sterling Silver Men's Venetian Chain, 22" ||	  Love it  This is long after the necklace was ordered and received. High quality excellent product still looks brand new. <end>
 B0000C6BO4  Sterling Silver Earrings With Peridot From The Metro Collection, By Zina ||	  Very Nice.  I bought these earring were very pretty and a good size. I purchased them as a birthday gift for my sister and she likes them very much! <end>
 B0000C6BOD  Sterling Silver Pillow Earrings By Zina ||	  subtle , but pretty  smaller than expected, but still does the job..glad i ordered it. <end>
 B0000C85PP  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold 10K Eagle Head Pin / Tie Tack  Clothing ||	  Mt. Rushmore tie tack  Very disappointed, tie tack is very small compared to picture that is shown . Expected it to be larger the price was a little steep but it was purchased for my teenage son who loves eagles. would not order from this company again <end>  Eagle Head Tie Tack  This was the best purchase I have ever made. The smile on the recipients face was worth it all. <end>  Beautiful Pin/Tie Tack  This pin/tie tack looks exactly like the picture shown. It is 10K gold with black edging for definition. The eagle is stunning. The pin/tie tack is approximately the size of a dime. Excellent for those looking for that subtle elegant touch for their lapel or tie. <end>
 B0000C85Q2  Amazon.com  Mt. Rushmore Black Hills Gold Sterling Silver Horse Head Earrings  Clothing ||	  Lever back earrings  I had searched everywhere for lever back earrings. After reviewing about 200 pairs on the internet, I found just what I was looking for. This is my second pair as I had lost one. Very pleased with the workmanship and the gold coloring. <end>
 B0000C885G  Sterling Silver Thin Granulated Ring by Lois Hill, Size 8 ||	  Lovely ring  I purchased this ring as a gift to myself and am delighted with it. I wanted something I could wear anytime and with anything. I have worn this to the office, on the weekends when dressed in jeans, and to a few dinners when dressed more for evening and it compliments everything. The ring is quite feminine and the design unique; however the weight of the ring gives it a durability that stands up to everyday activities. I have been more than pleased with my choice to purchase this ring and would recommend it to other women, or to those men looking for something special, yet not overpriced to give to the women in their lives. <end>
 B0000C888U  Sterling Silver Beaded Rim Ring by Lois Hill, Size 6.5 ||	  Lois Hill Sterling Silver Beaded Rim Ring  I LOVE THIS RING. IT IS WELL MADE AND SIMPLY STUNNING. THE BEAD WORK IS AMAZING. THE RING DOES RUN SMALL I WEAR A SEVEN BUT HAD TO ORDER A SIZE UP BECAUSE THE RING FITS SNUG AND IS NOT REALLY TRUE TO SIZE. OTHERWISE IT IS VERY HEAVY AND WELL MADE! <end>
 B0000CAT03  Amazon.com  3-piece Pearl Jewelry Set, WHITE  Clothing ||	  Cheap more for kids  This is awful. It looks more like really cheap costume jewlry. I was very dissapointed in this. The earings fell off the the backing the first time I wore them, and the necklace and bracelet do not latch. It is a piece of junk. <end>
 B0000CC5H1  14k White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Beautiful Diamond Ring  This ring is so stunning and yet very simple. The diamonds are so clear and the sparkle is outrageous. I would highly recommend this ring for the beauty and for the wonderful price! <end>
 B0000CC5HT  14k Yellow and White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Cute diamond stacking ring  This is a slim ring with very small diamonds. But it is well-made and the diamonds really sparkle. Although it is smaller than I had expected I am really pleased with it. I use it as a stacker ring and it really adds a punch without over-whelming the other ring. <end>
 B0000CC5I6  14k Yellow and White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/3ctw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Love it!!  I have had lots of compliments on this ring and a co-worker even wants to buy it from me!! NOT for sale!! The stones shine and sparkle brilliently. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B0000CDE5V  18k White Gold Diamond (.92ctw) Deco Style Eternity Stack Ring w/ Beaded Detail, Size 7 by Diana Heimann ||	  HURTS!!!!  This ring is gorgeous and so cute to look at, but it is truly PAINFUL to wear!!! It was cutting into my fingers after only a few minutes of wearing it. I bought it when it was $300 and I sent it back because it wasn't worth it to reset the diamonds in a less sharp setting. <end>
 B0000CDVVD  Sterling Silver Geometric Link Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Not even close in size!!  This bracelet advertises itself as being 7.5" in length. My wrist is 6 1/2" around and I can't get this bracelet on at ALL!It is very clumsy looking with a huge clasp but would look kinda trendy IF it was 7 1/2" long. I think I could get it on my wrist with help but it would fit tightly with no give or flow at all, making it look silly.Keep looking at the other bracelets and skip right past this one.I'm returning mine! <end>
 B0000CEM9G  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Diamond fell out six weeks after I received it.  This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary. The ring, itself, is beautiful, and we loved it. My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings. However, less than six weeks after we received this ring (I bought it on April 1, 2004), she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out (on May 17, 2004). She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet. She is so disappointed, and I feel embarrassed, as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry. The ring is now in its box, and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have. Amazon has auto-emailed a response, indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days. I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out. I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon doesn't make repairs to jewelry. I now must call and demand help. Don't buy this ring. <end>
 B0000CEM9J  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/2ctw, I, I1), Size 6 ||	  Diamond fell out six weeks after I received it.  This was a gift for my wife on our 10th anniversary. The ring, itself, is beautiful, and we loved it. My wife is extra careful with her rings and has never had a problem with any of her settings. However, less than six weeks after we received this ring (I bought it on April 1, 2004), she happened to look at her finger and noticed that one of the small diamonds had fallen out (on May 17, 2004). She spent 10 panic-stricken minutes looking for it and found it on the carpet. She is so disappointed, and I feel embarrassed, as if I bought her a second-rate piece of jewelry. The ring is now in its box, and I am contacting Amazon to find out what coverage I have. Amazon has auto-emailed a response, indicating that I might return the ring for a refund only if I purchased it within the last 30 days. I bought it 46 days prior to the diamiond falling out. I emailed back inquiring about a repair and received an auto-response saying Amazon doesn't make repairs to jewelry. I now must call and demand help. Don't buy this ring. <end>
 B0000CEMB5  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful ring alone or next to a solitaire  I just received this ring and was impressed. It's very pretty on, very dainty. I bought it to wear next to my solitaire engagement ring and it looks beautiful with it. The diamonds are small of course, but the ring itself is thin, so the diamonds stand out and it has great sparkle. When your hand is in a natural position, it looks like the diamonds go all the way around the ring. I shopped around and this is an amazing price for this ring, some cheap mall jewelers were charging $200+ for lower quality!! I would highly recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring - pleasantly surprised!  I just received this ring for my wedding in August and I am very happy with it. It looks exactly like the picture except more sparkly in person. It is perfect next to my marquise solitaire. It is thin and feminine, which I was looking for. Many like this that I tried on in jewelry stores were either too wide or tall when compared to the band for my engagement ring. This is only slightly larger and looks perfect.How many jewelers offer returns within 30 days? Plus, it's free shipping! <end>  The Best Wedding Band for Solitare Diamond Rings  My husband bought me this ring for our wedding and it is absolutely spectacular!!! The same ring in a jewelry store cost around $295.00, therefore, we were a bit skeptical of buying it on Amazon.com. As soon as we saw it though, it was even more beautiful than the ones in the stores. It fits perfectly with my 1 carat solitare round diamond ring. Highly recommend!! <end>
 B0000CEMBK  14k White Gold Channel-set Round Brilliant Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 9 ||	  Beautiful ring alone or next to a solitaire  I just received this ring and was impressed. It's very pretty on, very dainty. I bought it to wear next to my solitaire engagement ring and it looks beautiful with it. The diamonds are small of course, but the ring itself is thin, so the diamonds stand out and it has great sparkle. When your hand is in a natural position, it looks like the diamonds go all the way around the ring. I shopped around and this is an amazing price for this ring, some cheap mall jewelers were charging $200+ for lower quality!! I would highly recommend it! <end>  Beautiful ring - pleasantly surprised!  I just received this ring for my wedding in August and I am very happy with it. It looks exactly like the picture except more sparkly in person. It is perfect next to my marquise solitaire. It is thin and feminine, which I was looking for. Many like this that I tried on in jewelry stores were either too wide or tall when compared to the band for my engagement ring. This is only slightly larger and looks perfect.How many jewelers offer returns within 30 days? Plus, it's free shipping! <end>  The Best Wedding Band for Solitare Diamond Rings  My husband bought me this ring for our wedding and it is absolutely spectacular!!! The same ring in a jewelry store cost around $295.00, therefore, we were a bit skeptical of buying it on Amazon.com. As soon as we saw it though, it was even more beautiful than the ones in the stores. It fits perfectly with my 1 carat solitare round diamond ring. Highly recommend!! <end>
 B0000CEMEB  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 5.5 ||	  sparkle..sparkle..sparkle.....  I just recieved this ring a few days ago...and i must say..i'm VERY impressed.. because the price was so low i thought maybe it would be like those jewelry store bands that are kinda cloudy and dont sparkle very much..but it is gorgeous..the princess stones sparkle and have great fire in them..especially in the sunlight...i would HIGHLY recommend this ring...it looks great with a solitare.. <end>
 B0000CEMEG  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  sparkle..sparkle..sparkle.....  I just recieved this ring a few days ago...and i must say..i'm VERY impressed.. because the price was so low i thought maybe it would be like those jewelry store bands that are kinda cloudy and dont sparkle very much..but it is gorgeous..the princess stones sparkle and have great fire in them..especially in the sunlight...i would HIGHLY recommend this ring...it looks great with a solitare.. <end>
 B0000CEMEN  14k Yellow Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 9 ||	  sparkle..sparkle..sparkle.....  I just recieved this ring a few days ago...and i must say..i'm VERY impressed.. because the price was so low i thought maybe it would be like those jewelry store bands that are kinda cloudy and dont sparkle very much..but it is gorgeous..the princess stones sparkle and have great fire in them..especially in the sunlight...i would HIGHLY recommend this ring...it looks great with a solitare.. <end>
 B0000CEMGW  14k White Gold Channel-set Princess Cut Diamond Band (1/4ctw, I, I1), Size 9 ||	  Great Value  I am extremely happy with this ring. Unlike the reviewer who stated her ring only has 9 stones, mine does have the full 11 as stated in the description. The stones are very clear, and have a good amount of fire. I have gotten a lot of compliments on this ring, and for the price it's a tremendous value. It's comfortable, and it looks great with a round brilliant cut solitare ring. For this price, why buy a cubic? <end>  Great quality &amp; a price you can't beat  I did a lot of research &amp; looked at many diamond bands &amp; I was very happy when I got this band (very fast shipping). You will not find a better deal for .25 carat. Brillant cut &amp; sparkle. I can truly say I was not disapointed when I saw it for the first time. I've gotten a lot of compliments. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Pretty but uncomfortable  I purchased this ring and it is very pretty, but because the band has sharp square edges, I found it to be very uncomfortable. Also, I bought this to wear next to my engagement ring and it didn't work with it, again because of the square shaped band. (I returned this ring and bought the round cut diamond ring for the same price, which I'm thrilled with.) The price is a lot lower than even the least expensive jewelry stores I looked at. <end>
 B0000CEYCY  Men&apos;s Oval-Cut Simulated Sapphire 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Antique-Finish Air Force Ring and Pin Set ||	  Love it - Makes a great Statement  Just bought this ring to try it out and it exceeded my expectations. Looks great on the finger. Great mechant too. <end>  Love it - Makes a great Statement  Just bought this ring to try it out and it exceeded my expectations. Looks great on the finger. Great mechant too. <end>
 B0000CFZPL  Platinum Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (3/8cttw, I, I1), Size 4.5 ||	  It is ok, but I am a bit dissapointed...  I am a bit disapointed in the ring and the service provided. The ring is very pretty, it came with a nice box, and apraisal information, but it does not look exactly like the picture shown on the site. On the picture shown, then the ring had a small curved line carved out on each side, around the 3 side stones, making it look more stylish, but on the one I recieved, the lines did not exist. Also, in the information package that was sent along with, then it said an identification number was inscribed in the inside of the band, so that the ring could be identified for insurance purposes, but again my ring did not have that number on it, it had all of the other specified inscriptions, but not that number. The producer also took forever to mail the ring. It was a good 3 weeks at least before they shipped it, after I placed my order. But when they finally sent it, it came overnight, so that was good. <end>
 B0000CG06T  14k White Gold Princess Cut Center with Round Side Stones Ring (3/8cttw, H, SI2), Size 5 ||	  Very Elegant!  I bought this ring not too long ago and proposed to my girlfriend. When I showed her the ring, she wept with happiness. It completely took her breath away. I am VERY pleased with the way it came out. It looks 100 times more briliant and shiny than it does in the picture. Excellant value too! I was kind of taking a leap of faith so to speek, by buying an engagement ring without seeing it in person first, but I am 100% happy with the result, and so is my Fiance! I would reccomend this ring to anyone. <end>  Gorgeous ring  My fiance bought this ring for me to honor our recent engagement, and I was blown away by the sheer brilliance of the center princess cut diamond. It far surpasses the specifications listed, as far as clarity and cut goes. My only complaint is that my fiance said that shipping was very slow, but definitely well worth the wait! <end>
 B0000CGHLP  18k Yellow Gold Round Brilliant Center with Round Side Stones Ring (1 1/4ctw, I, I1) Size 7 ||	  Breathtaking and overall satisfying purchase  The ring had its intended effect  taking my wife's breath away on our 15-year anniversary. It is a great combination of the traditional channel set anniversary ring and an upgrade to the solitaire engagement ring she got when I was much younger. She loves the ring and I still catch her staring at it in the sunlight as we drive along in the car.The price seems pretty good for the size of stone when compared to some of the other online jewelry shops. I shopped around for about 1 month between 3 shops before making the plunge. The top down photo of the ring is a pretty good depiction, the side view does not do the ring justice (looks too elongated).My only warning to others ordering designed rings is to give yourself enough lead time. Order to delivery was a full month. Amazon upgraded it to an overnight due to the delay. I had to use a 3rd party as well since they would not deliver directly to those stationed overseas. <end>
 B0000CNVQI  14k White Gold Round Brilliant Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1/4 ct, I, I1), Size 8.5 ||	  Very Pretty Ring  This ring is very good looking and sparkles a lot in correct lighting. Very good price for the quality. Includes a well made box for storing the ring along with care information and an appraisal card from the International Gemological Institute. My ring was actually appraised at $745. <end>
 B0000CNVRJ  14k White Gold Round Brilliant Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1/4 ct, I, I1), Size 6.5 ||	  Very Pretty Ring  This ring is very good looking and sparkles a lot in correct lighting. Very good price for the quality. Includes a well made box for storing the ring along with care information and an appraisal card from the International Gemological Institute. My ring was actually appraised at $745. <end>
 B0000CNX1X  14k White Gold Princess Cut Classic Solitaire Ring (1/2 ct, H, SI2), Size 6 ||	  Great Value!!!  I recently bought this ring for my fiance. It is a beautiful ring and was much less expensive than what we saw at local jewlry stores. I highly recomend this product.I was however shipped the incorrect size, however I was reimburssed for the cost of having it resized at a local store. Dispite the problem with the ring size, I received great customer service and prompt replies. <end>
 B0000D8HDC  Sterling Silver Ring With Peridot From the Metro Collection By Zina, Size 5 ||	  Pretty and solid but all are the same size  I ordered two in a size 6 and one in a size 7. Received three so far and although the sizes have different numbers on the boxes, they are all the same size. The underside has a little solid bar, so it's not as thick, probably making it more comfortable. The peridots are specks of gems, so I'm not sure they are even real stones. It's solid and nice looking, nevertheless. Hope I receive the 4th, as they are needed as gifts for 4. Worth the severely reduced price only, not regular price. <end>
 B0000D8HDJ  Sterling Silver Ring With Peridot From the Metro Collection By Zina, Size 7 ||	  Pretty and solid but all are the same size  I ordered two in a size 6 and one in a size 7. Received three so far and although the sizes have different numbers on the boxes, they are all the same size. The underside has a little solid bar, so it's not as thick, probably making it more comfortable. The peridots are specks of gems, so I'm not sure they are even real stones. It's solid and nice looking, nevertheless. Hope I receive the 4th, as they are needed as gifts for 4. Worth the severely reduced price only, not regular price. <end>
 B0000D8HG5  Zina Sterling Silver Square Ring With 14K Gold "The Swirl Collection", Size 7 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love this ring - however you have the description all wrong. It was obvious to me this ring had no diamonds even though the description says otherwise. I ordered and love the chunky look and I wear it with another sterling ring I have. It's gorgeous and I have received a ton of compliments. <end>  Not what it seems  I ordered this ring for my daughter for Christmas. The description of this ring is wrong. There is no diamond in this ring. I was very disapointed when I received this ring as it is very "chunky" and it does not seem to be sized correctly. I ordered a size 7 (my duaghters normal ring size) and it is way to large. She took it to several places to have it re-sized and no one will do it because of the metal it is made of. I would like to return the ring but it does not seem like I am able to. If you are interested in ordering this ring - be careful! <end>
 B0000DAF0H  Platinum Round Brilliant Cut Cathedral Solitaire Ring (1 ct, G, VS2), Size 6 ||	  Engagement Ring Nerves  It was nerve-wracking enough to get engaged and make a major purchase. But buying a ring online was new to me, and I hadn't met anyone who had done it. I was sweating bullets. The ring exceeded my expectations. It is dazzling in every aspect and boasts high quality craftsmanship. It even exceeded the specifications (the colorlessness was a grade better). Of the two independent international ratings that come with, one had a commercial replacement cost estimate that was about double what Amazon.com charged. I met my future wife online so it seemed appropriate, and I'm glad I took the risk. I endorse Amazon.com jewelry fully. <end>
 B0000DGO9M  Texas Longhorns Oval "Longhorn" 3/8" Men's Ring - Sterling Silver Jewelry (Size 10 1/2) ||	  LOVE!  I was looking for a ring for my boyfriend that would show "commitment" and something that he could wear casually- this was it! I don't think he's went a day without wearing it this past year!! Very durable and stylish! SUPER HAPPY with this purchase!! <end>
 B0000DGOCW  Ohio State Buckeyes OSU NCAA Sterling Silver Ring Sz 10 1/2 ||	  More than I thought it would be.  Did you know there is a university in Columbus, not just a football team? Yes, and it's logo is NOT a giant block "O". I attended OSU in 1970-71 but never bought a school ring. When I started looking for one, I could find several with the Big Block O logo but not the school logo until I found this one. A nice heavy, solid back ring with a beautifully detailed OSU logo. Great price. <end>
 B0000DGONZ  Sterling Silver PITTSBURGH STEELERS LOGO 5/8" RING SZ 11 ||	  Yeah! Steelers Baby!  This was a gift for my husband at Christmas and he absolutely loves it. He hasn't taken it off yet! It is really nice and shiny and leaves no doubt where our allegiance lies! <end>
 B0000DH54G  Sterling Silver PHILADELPHIA EAGLES HEAD GIANT ||	  great piece!!  I am from Pa, and wanted some jewelry..I didn't want to go w/ the typical cross since I am not religious. Saw the 'Iggles' pendant and ordered it.Great piece, very heavy, definitely fits into the 'icy look.'Donovan is back!! <end>
 B0000DH5NU  Cheer Captain Pendant - Sterling Silver Jewelry ||	  love it!  I am 100% satisfied, perfect size, great product quality, was everything I expected from this pendant, well worth the money <end>
 B0000DHQXC  Florida Gators UF NCAA Sterling Silver 5/8 Charm ||	  Flimsy  I placed this product on my wish list and received it for Christmas. I was disappointed, however, to find that the pendant is very light and flimsy and does not appear to be very high quality. I have not decided whether to keep it or return it at this point. <end>
 B0000DHW1J  Los Angeles Dodgers MLB Sterling Silver 5/8 Charm ||	  Good product  I am happy with this Dodgers pendant, I wear it every day! It could be slightly bigger, but maybe being smaller is less tacky anyway. Seems to be good quality silver. I recommend this product for all Dodger fans! <end>
 B0000DZ5IM  Men&apos;s 5/8 TCW Square MI.D.night Blue Genuine Sapphire Diamond Accent Sterling Silver Classic Ring ||	  Overpriced  Looks very pretty...However, the exact same ring sells for under $100 at other online retailers...just google it before you buy. <end>  Men's ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend in advance for Valentine's Day. It was only $99.99, so I decided I had better purchase it now before it goes back up to $200. This was my first online purchase, so I was nervous about how it would arrive, if it would be paid correctly, and if the item would really look like what it did in the picture.Palm Beach Jewelry's service is excellent. I got updated to expedited shipping with no cost to me. Of course, the ring was paid for correctly, so that helped my anxiety level. At last, the ring looked just like and even better than what was pictured. It came in really great condition, very shiny, with pretty little princess cut sapphires. It arrived in a neat suede-like crimson box.One thing that I wondered about was the little diamond in the center of the sapphires. I thought that it would be a diamond, but it is metal.Overall, I rate my service to be excellent, my order arrived sooner than scheduled, the ring is beautiful, and I am sure that it will make someone very happy. <end>  Overpriced  Looks very pretty...However, the exact same ring sells for under $100 at other online retailers...just google it before you buy. <end>  Men's ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend in advance for Valentine's Day. It was only $99.99, so I decided I had better purchase it now before it goes back up to $200. This was my first online purchase, so I was nervous about how it would arrive, if it would be paid correctly, and if the item would really look like what it did in the picture.Palm Beach Jewelry's service is excellent. I got updated to expedited shipping with no cost to me. Of course, the ring was paid for correctly, so that helped my anxiety level. At last, the ring looked just like and even better than what was pictured. It came in really great condition, very shiny, with pretty little princess cut sapphires. It arrived in a neat suede-like crimson box.One thing that I wondered about was the little diamond in the center of the sapphires. I thought that it would be a diamond, but it is metal.Overall, I rate my service to be excellent, my order arrived sooner than scheduled, the ring is beautiful, and I am sure that it will make someone very happy. <end>  Overpriced  Looks very pretty...However, the exact same ring sells for under $100 at other online retailers...just google it before you buy. <end>  Men's ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend in advance for Valentine's Day. It was only $99.99, so I decided I had better purchase it now before it goes back up to $200. This was my first online purchase, so I was nervous about how it would arrive, if it would be paid correctly, and if the item would really look like what it did in the picture.Palm Beach Jewelry's service is excellent. I got updated to expedited shipping with no cost to me. Of course, the ring was paid for correctly, so that helped my anxiety level. At last, the ring looked just like and even better than what was pictured. It came in really great condition, very shiny, with pretty little princess cut sapphires. It arrived in a neat suede-like crimson box.One thing that I wondered about was the little diamond in the center of the sapphires. I thought that it would be a diamond, but it is metal.Overall, I rate my service to be excellent, my order arrived sooner than scheduled, the ring is beautiful, and I am sure that it will make someone very happy. <end>
 B0000DZ5IQ  Men&apos;s 5/8 TCW Square MI.D.night Blue Genuine Sapphire Diamond Accent Sterling Silver Classic Ring ||	  Overpriced  Looks very pretty...However, the exact same ring sells for under $100 at other online retailers...just google it before you buy. <end>  Men's ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend in advance for Valentine's Day. It was only $99.99, so I decided I had better purchase it now before it goes back up to $200. This was my first online purchase, so I was nervous about how it would arrive, if it would be paid correctly, and if the item would really look like what it did in the picture.Palm Beach Jewelry's service is excellent. I got updated to expedited shipping with no cost to me. Of course, the ring was paid for correctly, so that helped my anxiety level. At last, the ring looked just like and even better than what was pictured. It came in really great condition, very shiny, with pretty little princess cut sapphires. It arrived in a neat suede-like crimson box.One thing that I wondered about was the little diamond in the center of the sapphires. I thought that it would be a diamond, but it is metal.Overall, I rate my service to be excellent, my order arrived sooner than scheduled, the ring is beautiful, and I am sure that it will make someone very happy. <end>  Overpriced  Looks very pretty...However, the exact same ring sells for under $100 at other online retailers...just google it before you buy. <end>  Men's ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend in advance for Valentine's Day. It was only $99.99, so I decided I had better purchase it now before it goes back up to $200. This was my first online purchase, so I was nervous about how it would arrive, if it would be paid correctly, and if the item would really look like what it did in the picture.Palm Beach Jewelry's service is excellent. I got updated to expedited shipping with no cost to me. Of course, the ring was paid for correctly, so that helped my anxiety level. At last, the ring looked just like and even better than what was pictured. It came in really great condition, very shiny, with pretty little princess cut sapphires. It arrived in a neat suede-like crimson box.One thing that I wondered about was the little diamond in the center of the sapphires. I thought that it would be a diamond, but it is metal.Overall, I rate my service to be excellent, my order arrived sooner than scheduled, the ring is beautiful, and I am sure that it will make someone very happy. <end>
 B0000E01FU  Philadelphia Flyers 14K Gold Pendant ||	  Disappointed  I received this pendant as a Christmas gift. While the front of the pendant is beautiful, the back has a rough finish. There was also a black smudge on the back of the pendant that cannot be removed. The company said they would send a new one w/envelope to return the defective pendant. I have not seen it. For the money, it should have been perfect. Since no one will see the back of the pendant, I guess it's okay. I was disappointed. <end>
 B0000E0AVF  Amazon.com  St. Louis Cardinals Ladies&#39; Ring Size 6 1/2 - Sterling Silver Jewelry  Clothing ||	  Cards fan lost shine  I was really excited to get my ring and it was beautiful. But it has lost it's shine, turned gray and I don't know how to get it back to original shine. <end>
 B0000E1N8L  Antique Oval Peridot Bracelet ||	  AWESOME BRACELET - MY WIFE WILL BE SO HAPPY!  The setting and the stones are awesome - the quality really shows! I just know she will totally love this! <end>
 B0000E1NFH  Amethyst and Diamond Heart MOM Pendant ||	  good  It's pretty but the chain is really thin. My mom is afraid to wear and break it. <end>  Well, not so great.  I bought this for my mom's birthday, and the chain broke within the first couple of days. The diamonds you can't really see because they're so small they might as well not be there. I thought it looked very pretty and I thought this was a good idea because my mom loves amethyst. But she doesn't wear it. <end>
 B0000E1NJ8  Antique Trillion Peridot and Diamond Ring ||	  Better than expected!  The ring was shipped fast and it beautiful. Better then expected! <end>  Review of ring  Very nice ring. It was smaller than I thought it would be - but very pretty. <end>
 B0000E6HEL  Sterling Pink And Yellow Resin Gaspeite Coral Turquoise Slide ||	  Photo Misleading  The silver necklace shown in the photograph does not come with the product. You purchase the slide only and have to supply the chain yourself. <end>
 B0000E6HX4  18" Sterling Black Cord Necklace ||	  BEWARE - ITEM NOT AS IT APPEARS  I purchased this &quot;necklace&quot; believing I was getting a black cord with a silver slide(as pictured), but the item being sold is the cord only. The description is no help either, it's one sentence, and does not mention anywhere that the charm pictued is not included. <end>
 B0000EROJY  Diamond Eternity Band In 14kt White Gold. Size 7 ||	  Nice ring  The ring is very pretty and just as advertised, SHE is very pleased, so am I! <end>
 B0000ESRDC  Sterling Silver And 14k Gold Square Rhodochrosite Ribbed Ring (Size 5) ||	  Beautiful stone of love  Rhodochrosite calls one's twin soul, their eternal lover. It's a must for someone in love OR someone who hopes to be. <end>
 B0000EVX0W  18k Yellow Gold 7mm Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Superior comfort and a generous amount of gold!  True to size, solid, and well priced. Comes in a nice ring box. <end>  SO COMFORTABLE  THIS WAS MY FIRST 18K GOLD ITEM. IT IS SO SMOOTH I NEVER TAKE IT OFF MY FINGER. IT IS TRULY 18K - I HAD IT APPRAISED. I LOVE 7MM SIZE. NOW MY HUSBAND WANTS ONE. <end>
 B0000SX0J0  14k White Gold Three Stone 7x5mm Oval Sapphire and Diamond (H-SI2 0.20ctw) Ring, Size 5 ||	  okay for the money, but the pictures oversell it  I ordered this ring based on the photos, thinking that the stone would be a rich royal blue. When I received it, the stone was very dark, almost black. The photo also makes the gold look thick and substantial. The metal is so thin that I thought I was going to bend it by just trying it on. It's a very delicate ring, and not at all what I was expecting. I was surprised because I had ordered a ring from the amazon collection about a month ago, and was very pleased with the quality, so I came to trust that most anything from that particular collection would please me. I sent it back the same day I received it. I can see it being a value for its price, and you probably can't find much better in that range - I think I'm reacting more to the disparity between the pictures and the actual product. <end>
 B0000T0XWG  The Jewelers Collection Moissanite Stud Earrings ||	  Amazing quality  I didn't buy Mossanite earrings from Amazon, but from a local jeweler about a year and a half ago. I gave them to my girlfriend and she absolutely loves them. She was so upset when she thought she lost one!They are beautiful stones and she doesn't tell people that they are not diamonds -- her choice. Everyone looks at me like I spent a fortune on her beautiful studs.They sparkle less than CZ but slightly more than regular diamonds - they look like a better diamond. They don't compare with CZ at all -- these are real stones with amazing characteristics almost equal that of a diamond. CZ is like paste. Check out the company website to learn all about them -- Charles and Colvard is the company name and the website address. The stones are so good that a high tech company may use them with lasers in their fiber optic switches! The stud earrings all look great as diamonds. Also, if you want people to think it's a diamond, don't buy a stone larger than you will normally buy, because people will suspect that they are not diamonds, since you probably couldn't afford that size!When these stones first came out many jewelers were fooled and thought they were diamonds, and they had to create new test equipment to distinguish Mossanite from diamonds!You will not be disappointed, but don't buy larger stones (greater than 1 carat or 6mm) without first seeing them to be sure you like their brilliance. (Or buy them if they can be returned if you don't like them).These have been sold on many of of the TV shopping channels and have done very well. Women love them! <end>  Stunning!  The setting on these earrings is classic, timeless and elegant. The moissanite stones are incredibly brilliant. People can't seem to take their eyes off these earrings whenever my wife wears them. They look wonderful and she wears them proudly. No-one would ever suspect they are not diamonds. <end>
 B0000T2I56  1/3 ct. tw. Diamond Solitaire Earrings in 14K White Gold ||	  Beautiful  I got these earrings for my birthday. They are absolutely beautiful. They are just right for my ears. They really work well my ears. I have 4 holes in each ear and these go great along side my hoops! Absolutely gorgeous!! <end>
 B0000T2ILK  Child's 1/12 ct. tw. Diamond Earrings in 14K White Gold ||	  great but...  ok... the earrings are lovely and i am very happy with the price i paid for them, but in my opinion the pic. is a bit deceaving. although the pic. shows you great detail of the earrings it does not show you how small they really are. I was aware that because of listed price, they were going to be small but they are smaller than i expected way, way, way... smaller than i ever imagined. i think jewelry vendors should be required to include a 'actual' size pic. with their adds. <end>  Good product for the price  I purchased these earrings as a first birthday gift for my daughter. We printed out the page and went to the local Fred Meyer Jewelers in the mall to see the earrings first hand before we purchased. We absolutely LOVED the earrings, however they were full price, so decided to save $80 and purchase them online. They arrived within two days of ordering, but when we opened the box, the diamonds were yellow, not clear and sparkly as pictured on the site, or at the mall. Still lovely, and a good price, but I think thast these are seconds or lower quality than the earrings one can purchase at the physical store. <end>  Great for little ears!  I purchased these earrings for my infant daughter. Since most earrings are too large in my opinion for a 3 month old's ears, this was the perfect solution. As my daughter likes to lie on me when taking a short nap, the first earrings she had poked into me and it was uncomfortable for me. These are small enough not to bother me.The prongs do cover a bit more of the diamond than is shown in the pictures, but they are still very cute. I also like the backs, as they screw on to the posts, and are nice and safe for baby's head. <end>  Great for Infants  I purchased these earrings and can't find anything bigger to compare them to for the price. The backs stay on great and will not get caught on carpet/blankets that could catch and pull the backs off. I have bought several pairs and nothing compares. I would recommend these earrings for any young child. <end>  Very dainty  I ordered these earrings for my 8 month old daughter. They are small which i like because they will not be uncomfortable on her. The price was great and i went with the fasted shipping. It cost $12. I ordered in the morning and had them mid morning the next day. I would reccomend these earrings if anyone is looking for nice small earrings for your little girl. <end>  No help what so ever from seller  I ordered these earrings Nov. 15th, 2012. By December 1st, when I had not received them I contacted the seller by email. I received no reply. On December 3rd, I cancelled the order. I still received no reply, even though I had emailed the seller approximately 5 times. I finally had to get in touch with Amazon's customer service to have them cancel the order and get my money back. I will never order from Fred Meyers again. <end>  Very happy with the purchase  Perfect little gift for a little angel.Got it for my friend's daughter. And absolutely loved it.Size  diamonds can be compared to... hmmm.... hmmm.... * yeah... size of asterics on a normal resolution screen. Perfect for the littlew ears.Length of the stem  just right.Other details match with the product image.Prize  Good(Checked at Fred Myers)Comes in a beautiful diamond jewelery box.I am planning to purchase one more. It is such a sweet gift  )Hope this was hopeful. <end>  Very nice for a baby  Was very happy, bought these for my god daughter who was 6 mths old. They are perfect starter diamond studs <end>  Great!  I bought these earrings for my 9 month old granddaughter. I was very pleased when they arrived; while small, they are very appropriate for a 9 month old. The back screw on and cover the post, ensuring that the posts don't dig into the back of her ears. I was very pleased with this item and am happy that I got to buy Abby her first diamonds ;) <end>  Easy to please  The earrings are perfect for my 6 month old. I'm no diamond expert, and I'm not incredibly picky. So there you have it. <end>  Great product!  Great earrings! picture is misleading as far as the size of the earrings but other than that its a great buy...... <end>
 B0000T2OPU  10kt. White Gold, Amethyst & Diamond Ring (Size 7) ||	  Flimsy and now too expensive, but Cust. Service is great  I don't know if Fred Meyers started getting a lot of orders for this ring and jacked up the price, but it was $100 when I bought it back in January 2004.I was disappointed with the fact that instead of being a heavy and solid gold band, the band was flimsy all the way around... WAY too skinny at the palm and on the jewel side it was held up by this sort of latticework. It's made to look solid but the gold is in fact &quot;hollow.&quot; You can tell if you take a close look at the picture.I should have returned it right away but I loved the way it looked, and (though this should have been a tipoff) it was one of the least expensive rings that had a real amethyst, real gold, and real diamonds.After wearing this ring daily for not 3 months, the band snapped clean through as I was cleaning it.On the upside, Fred Meyers customer service is fantastic and they're replacing the ring fully free of charge. I would have given this ring 2 stars if not for them.I thought I was buying a ring of heft, something that's a good jewelry investment... instead the ring is light and flimsy, and though I bought it to wear all the time with symbolic meaning, I'm now going to have to reconsider.Also, and this is definitely my own fault, I thought the ring would be bigger... I was fooled, of course, by the enlarged picture that accompanies the description. Keep in mind the size of your finger/wrist/neck etc. and how the jewelry will REALLY look when buying this or any other piece online. This was my first Amazon jewelry experience. <end>
 B0000T2PG8  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Scarafice of quality...you get what you pay for  I bought this ring in the store with a very good color (F) I could see a visible white inclution in the store but only when I looked from the side. I even went out into the mall to look at outside store light. When I got outside there were two huge inclutions in the center stone even visable from a distance and a black inclution in a side stone. SO bottom line...you get what you pay for. Also I saw other rings in the store the same style and price but were L-M color. <end>  not enough info  need the 4 c's please on all of your jewelry <end>
 B0000T2PHW  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  Scarafice of quality...you get what you pay for  I bought this ring in the store with a very good color (F) I could see a visible white inclution in the store but only when I looked from the side. I even went out into the mall to look at outside store light. When I got outside there were two huge inclutions in the center stone even visable from a distance and a black inclution in a side stone. SO bottom line...you get what you pay for. Also I saw other rings in the store the same style and price but were L-M color. <end>  not enough info  need the 4 c's please on all of your jewelry <end>
 B0000T2RM0  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  Inspector  looking for a ring in 14k with 2 diamonds and 1 garnet <end>
 B0000T2RMA  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 5) ||	  Inspector  looking for a ring in 14k with 2 diamonds and 1 garnet <end>
 B0000T2RO8  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  Inspector  looking for a ring in 14k with 2 diamonds and 1 garnet <end>
 B0000T2SJW  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Unity Ring (Size 5) ||	  The quality of the diamond.  The low price, the beautiful ring,but how about the 4C of diamend? <end>  stunning  This ring exceeded all my expectations. the diamonds are beautiful and large. The band is substancial. I got more ring for my money. <end>
 B0000T2UUE  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 5) ||	  Very Good  It was a little smaller that I thought it would be. But over all, it brought an amazing smile to my girlfriend. She loved it and has been wairing it since <end>
 B0000T2UUY  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 6) ||	  Very Good  It was a little smaller that I thought it would be. But over all, it brought an amazing smile to my girlfriend. She loved it and has been wairing it since <end>
 B0000T2UV8  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Very Good  It was a little smaller that I thought it would be. But over all, it brought an amazing smile to my girlfriend. She loved it and has been wairing it since <end>
 B0000T2V1W  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  Very Good  It was a little smaller that I thought it would be. But over all, it brought an amazing smile to my girlfriend. She loved it and has been wairing it since <end>
 B0000T2WZM  14kt. White Gold, 2 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 6) ||	  A lovely ring  The ring is elegant and sparkles beautifully. The prong and channel settings pass the pantyhose test (for the uninitiated, it is smooth enough that it snags nothing). The quality of mine is H/SI. The description above is lousy as it doesn't tell you that each princess cut stone is separated from the other by a baguette. The picture also makes it look like two of the princess cut stones in the center protrude but are, in fact, set in along with the others.The Fred Meyers store we went to (Littman's Jewelers in our state) had great staff and the ring is guaranteed for its lifetime. Any stone that falls out is replaced free of charge. They do, however, require that the ring be returned to them at least once or twice a year for checking. Fine by me. They also have a 90 day return policy. <end>
 B0000T352Q  14kt. Two Tone, 1 ct. tw. Three Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Too little information  This may be a great ring -- it got me looking. But there is way too little product information, especially for the price! <end>
 B0000T3EX6  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 6.5) ||	  Never despatched  I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price. If I remember it was offered at $9.99....unbelievable of course and it was. I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they weren't sure when it was going to be in stock again...Not sure why they didn't just say it was a misprint. <end>
 B0000T3EZ4  10kt. Gold, Garnet & Diamond Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  Never despatched  I believe that this item was advertised at the wrong price. If I remember it was offered at $9.99....unbelievable of course and it was. I got an email to say that the product had sold out and they weren't sure when it was going to be in stock again...Not sure why they didn't just say it was a misprint. <end>
 B0000T72V6  Opal Doublet Fashion Earrings in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  Item Different than displayed  The item I received is not the same color or shape to what is pictured online. The product was also delayed in shipping, which was addressed by customer service in a timely fashion. I'm mostly dissatisfied that the color of the stone is so different, which is a deep blue with small hint of green. I bought it as a present for my girl friend as opal is her birthstone. I've looked through literally hundreds of earrings and now I'm not even confident I'm giving her her birthstone. If it wasn't a time concern, I'd promptly return the earrings I received. <end>
 B0000T7734  1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Cross Pendant in 10K Yellow Gold ||	  gorgeous  The necklace is perfect! It was shipped fast and I received it soon after that. It's just like in the picture and must say it's very beautiful! Thanks! <end>  cross necklace  This necklace is just the size I was looking for. The diamonds in it are great looking, no flaws that you can see with the naked eye. The chain length is just right. <end>  Worth it!  Very pretty and worth the price. I love it, its a perfect size and it shines. Just make sure you invest in a good chain. It comes with a chain but its extremely thin and it would probably break very easy. So invest in a chain but good purchase. Very happy with it! <end>
 B0000T7R5C  10kt. White Gold, .08 ct. tw. Diamond Promise Ring (Size 6) ||	  Cute  This ring is a lot smaller than it looks. It also contains what appears to be a chip on the inside of the band. However, after going to the store itself, and examining other rings, I came to learn it is just the logo of the ringmaking company. I do wish the logo was not there though. The ring is also too thin for engraving. Overall, the ring is cute and simple. Nothing special. <end>
 B0000T81FM  14kt. Gold, Tanzanite & Diamond Ring (Size 6) ||	  Need more information........  You don't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity. Unable to make a decision to buy. <end>
 B0000T81G6  14kt. Gold, Tanzanite & Diamond Ring (Size 7) ||	  Need more information........  You don't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity. Unable to make a decision to buy. <end>
 B0000T81GQ  14kt. Gold, Tanzanite & Diamond Ring (Size 8) ||	  Need more information........  You don't indicated the color of the diamonds or the tanzanite nor the clarity. Unable to make a decision to buy. <end>
 B0000TZ9KC  14k Yellow and White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/3ctw, I, I1), Size 5 ||	  Love it!!  I have had lots of compliments on this ring and a co-worker even wants to buy it from me!! NOT for sale!! The stones shine and sparkle brilliently. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B0000TZ9M0  18k White Gold 5 Stone Shared-Prong Band (1/3ctw, H, SI2), Size 5 ||	  Would have given more stars  I ordered this item just like that. I noticed that the ring was 18ct white gold with SI2 clarity and H color and pretty much sounded like a good combination with regards to color and clarity.I received the item just today and I was so happy and impressed as soon as I saw the ring. I expected a little sparkle bocz of the color and clarity but it was way too much sparkle for the price I bought it for.The best part was that the ring had an IGI certification along with the details abt the ring in a certificate. I was happy that it was a good deal and it was a good ring from [...] jewelers itself.I would certainly recommend this ring...looks and feels great <end>
 B0000TZFLK  18k Yellow Gold 1ctw Round Brilliant Diamond Band (G, VS2), Size 5 ||	  Diamond Anniversary Band  This is a beautiful ring. The diamonds are of a higher quality than what you usually find in rings like this. The fire in these diamonds is unbelievable. Getting a ring like this for this price is great, getting this level of diamond quality for this price is incredible and the fact that they are certified is the icing on the cake. I shopped all over the net and could not find a 1ct. ring of this quality for any where near this price. I would recommend this ring to anyone that wants a top quality ring at a great price. <end>
 B0000U0FOG  Platinum Round Brilliant Cut Cathedral Solitaire Ring (1 ct, G, VS2), Size 5 ||	  Engagement Ring Nerves  It was nerve-wracking enough to get engaged and make a major purchase. But buying a ring online was new to me, and I hadn't met anyone who had done it. I was sweating bullets. The ring exceeded my expectations. It is dazzling in every aspect and boasts high quality craftsmanship. It even exceeded the specifications (the colorlessness was a grade better). Of the two independent international ratings that come with, one had a commercial replacement cost estimate that was about double what Amazon.com charged. I met my future wife online so it seemed appropriate, and I'm glad I took the risk. I endorse Amazon.com jewelry fully. <end>
 B0000V1ABW  Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 5.5 ||	  Perfect fit next to my cathedral setting engagement ring  I'd been looking for some time now for a plain platinum band that would fit properly with my catherdral setting engagement ring. The plain bands I'd seen previously were not thick enough and they appeared as if they would slip under the engagment ring. The profile of this ring matchs up perfectly with my engagement ring. The delievery was extremtly quick. I ordered it with free shipping on a Mon. and it arrived that Wed. I am extremely pleased with the quality, price and service I recieved. <end>  Great ring - but just so you know....  This ring is really beautiful and does look very nice next to a cathedral setting, but it does have the word "AMAZON" stamped on the inside of it. I'm not sure if this is common for all Amazon jewelry, but it's a little tacky especially if it is going to be a wedding band or such. It's easy enough to get scratched off, but some people might be displeased with the engraving on the inside so I figured it was worth noting. <end>  Platinum Band - Great Deal and Fast Shipping  On Monday night I placed my order for the Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Band. I used the "Free" shipping and thought it would take a couple weeks to receive the item. To my surprise, the ring arrived in the mail on Friday (same week).The ring is beautiful and is as described in the item description. Unlike the other review I had read, the band does not say "Amazon" on the inside of the band. I would not hesitate to place an order here again. <end>  Very pleased.....  When this ring arrived, I was very impressed. It was a much larger cross section and higher quality than I expected. It did not say "Amazon" on the inside unlike the previous reviews stated. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  great for small fingers  I love the ring and was amazed at the weight even though it is only2.5mm. Looks amazing on my small fingers. I do agree with the previous writer, the Amazon inscription a little tacky. Mine is only a size 5 so left little room for inscription <end>
 B0000V1ACG  Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 6.5 ||	  Perfect fit next to my cathedral setting engagement ring  I'd been looking for some time now for a plain platinum band that would fit properly with my catherdral setting engagement ring. The plain bands I'd seen previously were not thick enough and they appeared as if they would slip under the engagment ring. The profile of this ring matchs up perfectly with my engagement ring. The delievery was extremtly quick. I ordered it with free shipping on a Mon. and it arrived that Wed. I am extremely pleased with the quality, price and service I recieved. <end>  Great ring - but just so you know....  This ring is really beautiful and does look very nice next to a cathedral setting, but it does have the word "AMAZON" stamped on the inside of it. I'm not sure if this is common for all Amazon jewelry, but it's a little tacky especially if it is going to be a wedding band or such. It's easy enough to get scratched off, but some people might be displeased with the engraving on the inside so I figured it was worth noting. <end>  Platinum Band - Great Deal and Fast Shipping  On Monday night I placed my order for the Platinum 2.5mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Band. I used the "Free" shipping and thought it would take a couple weeks to receive the item. To my surprise, the ring arrived in the mail on Friday (same week).The ring is beautiful and is as described in the item description. Unlike the other review I had read, the band does not say "Amazon" on the inside of the band. I would not hesitate to place an order here again. <end>  Very pleased.....  When this ring arrived, I was very impressed. It was a much larger cross section and higher quality than I expected. It did not say "Amazon" on the inside unlike the previous reviews stated. I am very pleased with my purchase. <end>  BIG disappointment  Not only the sizes are too big according to the provided chart but the rings were all scratched up. I called Customer Service, Amazon stated that all they can do is to email the Jewelry store and the store will get back to me in 3-4 business days. Well, it has been a week and I still haven't received any email.I returned the rings and have to placed another order and put out another 1K (because we were desperate. Our wedding is the following week!) My husband went 1 size down & I went 1 size down from the original chart. We have to pay $12.00 for 1-2 day rush order.The new rings come and once again...they were all SCRATCHED up and dull looking.I am so disappointed in Amazon! You had lost a valuable customer. <end>  great for small fingers  I love the ring and was amazed at the weight even though it is only2.5mm. Looks amazing on my small fingers. I do agree with the previous writer, the Amazon inscription a little tacky. Mine is only a size 5 so left little room for inscription <end>
 B0000V1EJK  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 4 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1EL8  Platinum 4mm High-Dome Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 7 ||	  Costs less than the Metal itself  I just got this appraised and my appraiser verified that it was Platinum (acid test) and based on the value of Platinum on 5/12/2008, you could melt this ring down and it would still be worth more than the $510 it costs.On top of that it appraised for over double what I paid ($510) actually more than triple... <end>
 B0000V1EWC  14k Two-Tone 7mm Celtic Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  Sturdy, clean lines, 14K  I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available, my love gave it to me for our handfasting. It's exactly the measurements described, but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler. Has a good weight, stamped inside, "Novell 14 K HANDMADE." Beyond that, it's beautiful. The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges. A little bigger than the average "lady's ring," it could work for a lady or a gent. <end>  My Husband Loves This Ring  My Husband and I just got married on June 9, 2007. I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows. I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal. My husband gets so many compliments on his ring. Because it is beautiful and unique. It is high quality too. Thanks Amazon. You helped to make our day perfect.Laura <end>  A Classic Celtic Eternal Knot Band.  An eye catching combination of style, quality and statement. The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love. It could be a wedding band, or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side. <end>
 B0000V1EWW  14k Two-Tone 7mm Celtic Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Sturdy, clean lines, 14K  I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available, my love gave it to me for our handfasting. It's exactly the measurements described, but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler. Has a good weight, stamped inside, "Novell 14 K HANDMADE." Beyond that, it's beautiful. The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges. A little bigger than the average "lady's ring," it could work for a lady or a gent. <end>  My Husband Loves This Ring  My Husband and I just got married on June 9, 2007. I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows. I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal. My husband gets so many compliments on his ring. Because it is beautiful and unique. It is high quality too. Thanks Amazon. You helped to make our day perfect.Laura <end>  A Classic Celtic Eternal Knot Band.  An eye catching combination of style, quality and statement. The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love. It could be a wedding band, or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side. <end>
 B0000V1EXG  14k Two-Tone 7mm Celtic Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Sturdy, clean lines, 14K  I chose this ring over a couple of other two-tone Celtic bands available, my love gave it to me for our handfasting. It's exactly the measurements described, but looks and feels a little bigger in-person than estimating the 6mm width with a ruler. Has a good weight, stamped inside, "Novell 14 K HANDMADE." Beyond that, it's beautiful. The yellow gold really glows against the white gold edges. A little bigger than the average "lady's ring," it could work for a lady or a gent. <end>  My Husband Loves This Ring  My Husband and I just got married on June 9, 2007. I gave him this ring when we exchanged vows. I did a lot of searching for this ring and Amazon had the best deal. My husband gets so many compliments on his ring. Because it is beautiful and unique. It is high quality too. Thanks Amazon. You helped to make our day perfect.Laura <end>  A Classic Celtic Eternal Knot Band.  An eye catching combination of style, quality and statement. The Celtic knot is often symbolic of eternal love. It could be a wedding band, or wear it to show the ladies your romantic side. <end>
 B0000V1G4I  Child's Guardian Angel Pendant in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  Beautiful and delicate pendant / chain necklace  My husband and I spent several hours browsing different sites, searching for a Christening gift for our goddaughter. This pendant is lovely  high quality, small, and delicate. The chain necklace is also beautiful.We are very pleased to have found a gift that is both appropriate for the Christening, as well as an attractive necklace that our goddaughter can use for years to come. <end>
 B0000V8I76  Sterling Silver Crossover Ring From The Swirl Collection By Zina, Size 6 ||	  Solid Ring Better Suited 4 Scarf Than Finger  Such a solid ring, but it's shape is actually square. This makes for discomfort on the finger, but it works beautifully with a scarf around the neck. Extremely well made and a pleasure to look at. <end>
 B0000VM5OS  8.5x9mm Collection Quality Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 17" ||	  Exquisite strand; excellent service.  I discovered American Pearl as a result of researching Mikimotos, which I understood to be the finest pearls available. Little did I realize that I was embarking on a lengthy process of education and decision-making that would result in me finding the pearl strand perfectly suited to me at this time. Mr. Edward Bakhash, who runs American Pearl and whose father founded the company decades ago, was exceptionally kind, helpful, and inceasingly patient as I examined several options ranging from Tahitian to South Sea to Japanese Akoya pearls of various sizes. I ultimately chose this 8.5-9mm Japanese Akoya strand, and it is beautiful. It clearly surpasses the pearl strands I have seen in the finest(and most well-known)jewelry stores. (In fact, I found some prestigious stores offering low-quality pearl at double or triple the price.) The high-luster of my strand, coupled with the rarer size, elicits stares. I was delighted when I wore my strand to a party, and my very worldly aunt approached me and immediately complimented my &quot;gorgeous&quot; pearls and asked me if they were &quot;Mikis.&quot; I will be forever grateful to Mr. Bakhash for helping me gain the knowledge I needed to make an informed and intelligent decision. His father must be very proud of him. I love my necklace, and it was the perfect choice for me. Additionally, I now enjoy being able to identify the type and quality of different pearl strands I see when I'm out and about, and I earnestly look forward to the future date when I will buy a Tahitian strand from him. <end>
 B0000VM8UO  9 to 10mm Black Freshwater Pearl Necklace ||	  convenient  rather than travel to japan or the south seas, why not buy your pearls here? completely as described, black-green color was strong and size matching was good. I candled a few pearls, and the pearlescent layer was pretty good over the core.still...buying pearls online is....Not everyone is going to have the same experience. <end>
 B0000VO3Z2  Heart Locket ||	  Great for a 5 year old, terrible if you are serious  This locket is half an inch in size. That's small enough for your sweetie to swallow. The only thing you can fit in this thing is a peeble. Its so small you couldn't make out anything if you COULD get a picture in there. The clasp that holds it together is so tight you need a screwdriver to get it open. Don't waste your time or money with this. <end>
 B0000VO4CE  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet ||	  Excellent  I ordered this bracelet and was not sure what to expect- I was just hoping for the best and I got it! Beautiful bracelet- prompt delivery. I am a larger lady and it is difficult to find a bracelet that fits. This one is great. <end>  Charming bracelet  I wanted a simple bracelet for a single charm and this is just perfect. The double link style is a bit more elegant than a single link. The clasp is sturdy. It is a very nice bracelet for the price. <end>
 B0000VRGWO  Matte Finish Ring (size  9) ||	  Great product - even better service  After purchasing from Something Silver, I was pleasantly surprised when the order (which had been on sale) arrived three days early. The company was timely, helpful, and create outstanding products. I would recommend their products without hesitation. <end>
 B0000VRIR2  Marcasite Ring (size  7) ||	  lovely and unique ring  I am thrilled with the quality and the look of this ring. Everyone compliments me on it. It is very eye catching. I can't stop admiring it. <end>
 B0000VRQJ2  Polish Cloth ||	  Just plain old excellent  Excellent product. Cleans everything  gold, silver & copper. What they did not tell you on the packaging is that it also cleans costume jewelry (found this out by accident). It literally gives costume jewelry its original shine. I have no complaints. <end>  Great cleaning product  I use my polishing cloth to clean all of my jewelry every month or so, and it gets the nastiest tarnish off with ease. <end>  I couldn't test my product because I did not receive it  I purchased 2 different types of polishing cloths.One I could test because I got the delivery. The product does not last very long; it works very well for 3 o 4 polishings.The other polishing cloth which I should have received from Something Silver, did not arrive because UPS had problems on the way. TO my understanding SS did not handle the problem as I would have expected. <end>
 B0000VRX22  Liquid Gem and Jewelry Cleaner ||	  Eh, not great  I have used this product several times and have consistently been disappointed in the results. The little brush is useless, nothing has come out sparkling clean no matter how long it soaks. The container leaks, I tossed it. <end>  Thank you for your product.  I really have enjoyed your product. Thank you for your fast delivery and kindness. I hope that others have the same experience as I did. Thank you very much. <end>
 B0000VRY1C  Elephant ||	  one elephant charm? you've got to be kidding.  when i opened the box, i was expecting two elephant charms. what did i get? one. come on. who would buy one? <end>
 B0000VWGC4  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz And Iolite Ring Size 5.5 ||	  cool ring  I like this ring, but it is probably not for everybody. The stones are almost "scattered" for a free-style look. It is bold and different, I am pleased with it, and will wear it often. The silver is substantial, not flimsy. <end>
 B0000VWGI8  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz And Iolite Ring Size 8 ||	  cool ring  I like this ring, but it is probably not for everybody. The stones are almost "scattered" for a free-style look. It is bold and different, I am pleased with it, and will wear it often. The silver is substantial, not flimsy. <end>
 B0000WM2G8  1/4 CT Two-tone Art Deco Diamond Engagement Ring ||	  great ring, not so great service  For the price, the diamond that comes in this setting, i felt was impressive. it has some fire to it, and it's raised in the setting [not shown from the angle that this picture is taken at -- making the ring MUCH taller than one would imagine], to catch light not only from the top, but from the bottom and sides as well.Again, this image is deceiving. The ring is a lot taller than shown here. Overall the rest of the ring is of good quality as well; the gold isn't cheap or flimsy. I liked it, but it was not what I was expecting.The, &quot;expidited shipping&quot; was nothing of the kind. I ordered this ring on the 12th of Dec., which I felt was plenty of time to receive it in time to make my wedding proposal on the 20th; my girlfriend's birthday*. I did make it a point to explain this to Szul, as well as to encourage them to please give me some way to track the shipment.Well, 10 days, about 5 emails and about 15 phone calls later (not to mention several strands of hair pulled out in frustration), I still got no tracking. All they did was try to tell me that the ring would arrive some time between the 17th and the 19th.I think the ring finally did arrive -- on the 22nd.She said yes, by the way, so I do guess the ring was a hit after all the agony of getting it here. <end>  Very nice people but HORRIBLE service  I bought the ring for my wife. She was coming back from a long trip and wanted to surprise her (I never gave her an engagement ring). Exactly because I had read the previous comments I ordered it with time and made sure I picked the right size. You guessed, they sent me the wrong size (they blamed it on amazon).I had nothing but nice treatment from these guys, I sent it back and they promised that I would have it back on Friday. I still had enough time so I did not worry. They had 5 more days after Friday to get it to me (Wednesday). I started calling on Friday, and every time they said I would have it next day. Today is wednesday and, of course, they promise I will have it tomorrow. Too late, I cancelled. I'll let you know how the cancellation worked out. <end>
 B0000WM2H2  1/4 CT Two-tone Art Deco Diamond Engagement Ring ||	  great ring, not so great service  For the price, the diamond that comes in this setting, i felt was impressive. it has some fire to it, and it's raised in the setting [not shown from the angle that this picture is taken at -- making the ring MUCH taller than one would imagine], to catch light not only from the top, but from the bottom and sides as well.Again, this image is deceiving. The ring is a lot taller than shown here. Overall the rest of the ring is of good quality as well; the gold isn't cheap or flimsy. I liked it, but it was not what I was expecting.The, &quot;expidited shipping&quot; was nothing of the kind. I ordered this ring on the 12th of Dec., which I felt was plenty of time to receive it in time to make my wedding proposal on the 20th; my girlfriend's birthday*. I did make it a point to explain this to Szul, as well as to encourage them to please give me some way to track the shipment.Well, 10 days, about 5 emails and about 15 phone calls later (not to mention several strands of hair pulled out in frustration), I still got no tracking. All they did was try to tell me that the ring would arrive some time between the 17th and the 19th.I think the ring finally did arrive -- on the 22nd.She said yes, by the way, so I do guess the ring was a hit after all the agony of getting it here. <end>  Very nice people but HORRIBLE service  I bought the ring for my wife. She was coming back from a long trip and wanted to surprise her (I never gave her an engagement ring). Exactly because I had read the previous comments I ordered it with time and made sure I picked the right size. You guessed, they sent me the wrong size (they blamed it on amazon).I had nothing but nice treatment from these guys, I sent it back and they promised that I would have it back on Friday. I still had enough time so I did not worry. They had 5 more days after Friday to get it to me (Wednesday). I started calling on Friday, and every time they said I would have it next day. Today is wednesday and, of course, they promise I will have it tomorrow. Too late, I cancelled. I'll let you know how the cancellation worked out. <end>
 B0000WM2HW  1/4 CT Two-tone Art Deco Diamond Engagement Ring ||	  great ring, not so great service  For the price, the diamond that comes in this setting, i felt was impressive. it has some fire to it, and it's raised in the setting [not shown from the angle that this picture is taken at -- making the ring MUCH taller than one would imagine], to catch light not only from the top, but from the bottom and sides as well.Again, this image is deceiving. The ring is a lot taller than shown here. Overall the rest of the ring is of good quality as well; the gold isn't cheap or flimsy. I liked it, but it was not what I was expecting.The, &quot;expidited shipping&quot; was nothing of the kind. I ordered this ring on the 12th of Dec., which I felt was plenty of time to receive it in time to make my wedding proposal on the 20th; my girlfriend's birthday*. I did make it a point to explain this to Szul, as well as to encourage them to please give me some way to track the shipment.Well, 10 days, about 5 emails and about 15 phone calls later (not to mention several strands of hair pulled out in frustration), I still got no tracking. All they did was try to tell me that the ring would arrive some time between the 17th and the 19th.I think the ring finally did arrive -- on the 22nd.She said yes, by the way, so I do guess the ring was a hit after all the agony of getting it here. <end>  Very nice people but HORRIBLE service  I bought the ring for my wife. She was coming back from a long trip and wanted to surprise her (I never gave her an engagement ring). Exactly because I had read the previous comments I ordered it with time and made sure I picked the right size. You guessed, they sent me the wrong size (they blamed it on amazon).I had nothing but nice treatment from these guys, I sent it back and they promised that I would have it back on Friday. I still had enough time so I did not worry. They had 5 more days after Friday to get it to me (Wednesday). I started calling on Friday, and every time they said I would have it next day. Today is wednesday and, of course, they promise I will have it tomorrow. Too late, I cancelled. I'll let you know how the cancellation worked out. <end>
 B0000WM6RI  Marquise Emerald and Diamond Slender Wave Ring ||	  It was a good buy  The emerald is the same color shown on the site. The jewelry came in pretty box .Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate (length 7 mm) and weight 2 grams (10 oz).The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive . <end>  It was a good buy  The emerald is the same color shown on the site. The jewelry came in pretty box .Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate (length 7 mm) and weight 2 grams (10 oz).The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive . <end>
 B0000WM6TQ  Marquise Emerald and Diamond Slender Wave Ring ||	  It was a good buy  The emerald is the same color shown on the site. The jewelry came in pretty box .Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate (length 7 mm) and weight 2 grams (10 oz).The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive . <end>
 B0000WM6U0  Marquise Emerald and Diamond Slender Wave Ring ||	  It was a good buy  The emerald is the same color shown on the site. The jewelry came in pretty box .Green draws attention until brown clothes.Size is adequate (length 7 mm) and weight 2 grams (10 oz).The 6 diamonds shine quite . The ring is comfortable and emerald highlights.A jewelry street sells this type of jewelry more expensive . <end>
 B0000WM9AC  Three Stone Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>
 B0000WM9B6  Three Stone Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>
 B0000WM9C0  Three Stone Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>  True Beauty  My almost husband and I purchased this ring to complete a wedding set. It far exceeded our expectations. The diamonds are wonderful, and the 3/4 ct Sapphire is exquisite. <end>
 B0000WMC36  Sapphire Antique Ring ||	  Really pretty setting, but fragile stone.  I really loved this ring. It was gorgeous, but the tanzanite stone came chipped/scratched (I tried returning it to get it fixed, but it came back in the same condition, so I gave up) and later cracked completely in half.  ( I don't wear it anymore, because the stone will likely fall out sooner or later...I'd really recommend this ring (because the setting is so pretty - and so was the tanzanite, before it broke), but only in a stone that's harder (do a wikipedia search for "Mohs hardness") than tanzanite is (sapphire or emerald or ruby or something) <end>
 B0000WMC4U  Sapphire Antique Ring ||	  Really pretty setting, but fragile stone.  I really loved this ring. It was gorgeous, but the tanzanite stone came chipped/scratched (I tried returning it to get it fixed, but it came back in the same condition, so I gave up) and later cracked completely in half.  ( I don't wear it anymore, because the stone will likely fall out sooner or later...I'd really recommend this ring (because the setting is so pretty - and so was the tanzanite, before it broke), but only in a stone that's harder (do a wikipedia search for "Mohs hardness") than tanzanite is (sapphire or emerald or ruby or something) <end>
 B0000WMGYQ  Heart-shaped Blue Topaz & Diamond Heart Ring ||	  like I said just breath taking  Wow My Wife realy will love this ring when i give it to her this Christmas!!! I am hoping it gets me a little play to from the old lady!! <end>
 B0000WMH0E  Heart-shaped Blue Topaz & Diamond Heart Ring ||	  like I said just breath taking  Wow My Wife realy will love this ring when i give it to her this Christmas!!! I am hoping it gets me a little play to from the old lady!! <end>
 B0000WMHSQ  Morning Glory Oval Opal & Diamond Ring ||	  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>  Absolutely Beautiful  The Morning Glory Oval Opal and Diamond Ring is a must have. The opal is beautiful. The diamonds that suround the opal are wonderful too. The diamonds are a wonderful eye catcher if the beautiful opal does not catch the eye first. It is everything a woman could ask for in an opal and diamond ring. If you love opal with diamonds this is a beautiful piece to own. <end>  Gorgeous!  The diamonds sparkle and the opal, which is NOT lab-created, has lovely fire in its pale depths. This ring is lovely! <end>
 B0000WMK9W  Pink Tourmaline and Diamond Engraved Ring ||	  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>
 B0000WMKAG  Pink Tourmaline and Diamond Engraved Ring ||	  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>
 B0000WMKCE  Pink Tourmaline and Diamond Engraved Ring ||	  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>  I love it!  I ordered a ring, very pretty, just like the picture. Delivery was fast. <end>
 B0000WMLDW  Peridot and Diamond Heart Shaped MOM Ring ||	  Kindof dinky  Cool. But the metal is very small as if it should be on a child's hand. I would prefer my mom have a more noticeable ring. <end>
 B0000WMRUE  Two-tone Antique Five Diamonds Band ||	  Pretty...  I thought this ring was very pretty from the pictures, but the detailing was a little different when I received it. It's much too new looking to be "antique" and I really wasn't too fond of the line designs in the ring -- more "old-world" looking in the picture. The diamonds are of a nice quality and overall it's a well-made ring (although it doesn't have a lot of weight to it). I would classify it more in the art-deco era. <end>
 B0000WMRVS  Two-tone Antique Five Diamonds Band ||	  Pretty...  I thought this ring was very pretty from the pictures, but the detailing was a little different when I received it. It's much too new looking to be "antique" and I really wasn't too fond of the line designs in the ring -- more "old-world" looking in the picture. The diamonds are of a nice quality and overall it's a well-made ring (although it doesn't have a lot of weight to it). I would classify it more in the art-deco era. <end>
 B0000WMS7Q  White Gold Round & Baguette Band ||	  Almost two years now. . .  It was the right price and she likes it. I'm very happy with it. <end>
 B0000WN7IK  Two-tone Infinity Diamond Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful! Everyone that I showed it to thought that I had it custom made. I was worried about diamond quality and size at only 1/2C for 7 diamonds, but they are white and clear and huge (almost too big- at some angles overwhelm the infinity- much bigger in person than pictured). My only concern is the elevated twist and larger diamonds make it look a bit feminine. But this ring has everything I ever wanted and looks like the drawings my husband and I made of our dream ring. I am going to a jeweler to see if I can have the twist inset since it is a separete piece. Otherwise, diamonds are mounted flat and ring is absolutely stunning. Can't beat the price anywhere usually runs $600+ (I've been watching this ring for our anniversary for 4 years!). Completely recommend.Since purchasing, I took the ring to a jeweler and had the raised infinity section lowered into the band. They only charged $75 (and I had picked it up during a $50 off sale!) and it looks exquisite and masculine. My husband loves it and we still can't get over the fact that I found the ring he designed online. <end>  Perfectly Beautiful Ring!  Both I and my new husband love this ring! It is elegant, unique, and tasteful - yet manly! (And that's a tall order...) It is the perfect ring for my new husband! He's received MANY compliments on it. It's not too flashy or gaudy, very tasteful. We are extremely pleased with this purchase. (I was very hesitant to buy something as important as our WEDDING ring online without actually seeing it.) The diamonds are beautiful. I am not a jeweler, but I don't see any flaws in the ring. It is quality craftsmanship. <end>
 B0000WN7LC  Two-tone Infinity Diamond Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful! Everyone that I showed it to thought that I had it custom made. I was worried about diamond quality and size at only 1/2C for 7 diamonds, but they are white and clear and huge (almost too big- at some angles overwhelm the infinity- much bigger in person than pictured). My only concern is the elevated twist and larger diamonds make it look a bit feminine. But this ring has everything I ever wanted and looks like the drawings my husband and I made of our dream ring. I am going to a jeweler to see if I can have the twist inset since it is a separete piece. Otherwise, diamonds are mounted flat and ring is absolutely stunning. Can't beat the price anywhere usually runs $600+ (I've been watching this ring for our anniversary for 4 years!). Completely recommend.Since purchasing, I took the ring to a jeweler and had the raised infinity section lowered into the band. They only charged $75 (and I had picked it up during a $50 off sale!) and it looks exquisite and masculine. My husband loves it and we still can't get over the fact that I found the ring he designed online. <end>  Perfectly Beautiful Ring!  Both I and my new husband love this ring! It is elegant, unique, and tasteful - yet manly! (And that's a tall order...) It is the perfect ring for my new husband! He's received MANY compliments on it. It's not too flashy or gaudy, very tasteful. We are extremely pleased with this purchase. (I was very hesitant to buy something as important as our WEDDING ring online without actually seeing it.) The diamonds are beautiful. I am not a jeweler, but I don't see any flaws in the ring. It is quality craftsmanship. <end>
 B0000WWV4Q  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Iolite, Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7 ||	  liked the ring alot, but they sent wrong size!  I thought this ring was very nice , but I was sent the wrong size & had to return it. They did refund my money in a timely manner though. <end>
 B0000WWV50  Sterling Silver Gold Plated Iolite, Rhodolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 7.5 ||	  liked the ring alot, but they sent wrong size!  I thought this ring was very nice , but I was sent the wrong size & had to return it. They did refund my money in a timely manner though. <end>
 B0000XL4CA  Dangle Brown Dog Italian Charm ||	  Dangle Brown Dog Charm  One on the best dog charms I have seen. <end>
 B0000Y38FK  Marcasite Filigree Ring (size  5) ||	  ***Beautiful, Inexpensive but Poor Quality***  Really beautiful ring for the price. The stones could never be mistaken for diamonds, but are nice in their own right. Two of the stones fell off of the first ring I ordered; "Something Silver" promptly issued me another one free of charge however. Ring feels sturdy, and the fit is comfortable. Very nice overall. ***Update  The stones soon fell out of the second ring issued as well. I didn't wear the ring everyday, or in the shower, or while hand washing. Not recommended, even for the low price. <end>  2010  Beautiful, detailed and dainty little ring. Since the original reviewer's comment from 2004, Boma appears to have made improvements to the ring design as my ring (purchased in 2009) is holding up very well, no issues with the marcasite stones falling out or anything like that. Remember  Boma is jewelry for life. The company will repair or replace your jewelry for the life of the piece. <end>
 B0000Y38G4  Marcasite Filigree Ring (size  7) ||	  ***Beautiful, Inexpensive but Poor Quality***  Really beautiful ring for the price. The stones could never be mistaken for diamonds, but are nice in their own right. Two of the stones fell off of the first ring I ordered; "Something Silver" promptly issued me another one free of charge however. Ring feels sturdy, and the fit is comfortable. Very nice overall. ***Update  The stones soon fell out of the second ring issued as well. I didn't wear the ring everyday, or in the shower, or while hand washing. Not recommended, even for the low price. <end>  2010  Beautiful, detailed and dainty little ring. Since the original reviewer's comment from 2004, Boma appears to have made improvements to the ring design as my ring (purchased in 2009) is holding up very well, no issues with the marcasite stones falling out or anything like that. Remember  Boma is jewelry for life. The company will repair or replace your jewelry for the life of the piece. <end>
 B0000YTOI0  Double Kiss Ring (size  8) ||	  Sparkelind kisses!  These people know their stuff! Fast, friendly, nice packaging unexpected. The 2 rings I bought were very high quality and a fantastic price too! I would buy from them again and again! <end>
 B0000ZD6ZQ  Sterling silver braided bracelet, 'Twist Sphere' ||	  Fantastic Quality  I ordered this as a gift, and am always wary when ordering jewelry online. I love this! It has a wonderful heavy weight to it, came very nicely packaged in a tarnish resistant bag inside of an Indonesian fabric pouch. The toggle was a concern, as this is a gift for a man, and I was concerned that it may be a bit feminine, but the toggle is a perfect small size and doesn't look like you put a Tiffany bracelet on a guy. <end>
 B00011K29C  Ultronics Hourglass Jewelry Cleaner ||	  hourglass jewelry cleaner  I love this jewelry cleaner! I've tried other types (like the tub with a tray that you lift up), but this one is the best.I even purchased a 2nd one to have as a spare! I would definitely recommend this product. <end>  hourglass jewelry cleaner  Great little jewelry cleaner...fun gift for friends who want a quick, easy solution for keeping their jewelry sparkling clean. <end>  Worth every penny.  Just like at the nail salon. I clean my rings and earrings while showering and primping.Turn the hourglass over a few times, rinse and go. <end>  great product!  I love this item! I use it to clean my jewelry, my diamonds come out sparkling! It's so easy and quick to use. <end>
 B00011T4NC  14Kt White Gold Blue Sapphire Diamond Ring ||	  Bad Purchase!  Seller was poor at communicating. Didn't respond to message's both voicemail and email.Product sent was not what was requested or purchased. Actual ring was of lessor quality and value and sapphire was a darker blue than shown.Very dissapointed with purchase and extremely annoyed that I am now out of pocket approximately $400 NZD dollars in tax, duty and freight costs for receiving an incorrect product from one of your merchants.This will affect decisions to purchase through Amazon again. <end>
 B00011TA1I  14K Yellow Gold Cultured White Pearl Earrings ||	  Nice  I bought this earing for my granma She love it they are really beautifull and the shipping and hading was fast. thank you <end>
 B000126XDA  Necklace, 'Secret Circle' 15" L ||	  I wish I could wear it more often...  I love the look and feel of this necklace, however the little beads all have rough edges & the gaps between them pinch my skin & pull my hair out. I cannot wear this necklace...it would be fine over clothing, but not on direct skin. <end>
 B000126XPS  Pearl and lapis pendant necklace, 'Ocean Moods' ||	  beautiful necklace  This necklace is quite lovely and unique! Beautiful stones, very well-made, exactly as pictured. Accompanied by hand-written note from artisans, which was nice as well. <end>
 B000126ZY2  Marcasite brooch, 'Silver Blossom' 1.8" W x 1.8" L x 0.4" D ||	  excellent  On the beginning I didn't realized that this item would be shipped from Tialand.It took about 2 weeks fot item to be delived, but it's worth it.Exellent item quality wise,absolutely beautiful art of yewelry packed in a nicest jewelry box made of material.Thank you. I am touched. <end>
 B0001271XG  Garnet earrings, 'Hoop Pebbles' 0.9" W x 1.2" L x 0.2" D ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These earrings are very delicate and beautiful. I received them as a gift and they are even prettier than in the picture. They come from Peru with authentic packaging, a postcard from the region, and info about the designer. Everything was great and I am wearing them now! <end>
 B00012A638  Sterling silver cuff bracelet, 'Balinese Princess' ||	  Balinese Princess bracelet  I received the bracelet for my mother's day present. I'm from Malaysia and I was impressed with the artwork and quality of the piece.It is a beautiful piece of jewelry. We decided to go ahead and order the earrings and necklace to match. <end>
 B00012A6DS  Moonstone dangle earrings, 'Pendulum' ||	  Beautiful box, fast shipping, personalized message.  Earrings look as pictured. They came loose (i.e. not pinned down) in a colorful, square box, with dome cover. This box makes it a true gift, it's absolutely beautiful. (This is standard, I didn't order giftwrapping.) Box as well as earrings were in excellent shape. Delivery was fast with standard shipping, straight from Bali, Indonesia. I received a Fed Ex tracking number, and it took 4 or 5 days to get to my door. With the package came a postcard of the village the earrings were made in, on which a personalized thank you message was written by (I assume) the artist herself. <end>
 B00012AHP0  Earrings, 'Floral Spheres' 1" W 2" L ||	  Excellent craftsmanship!!  These earrings are a piece of artwork. The craftsmanship is great. The only issue I have with these earrings is the size / weight. They are quite heavy and you have to put the backs on very tightly if you want them to hang nicely. They come nicely packaged and NOVICA does an excellent job of communicating the status of the order. <end>
 B00012ATC6  Amethyst bracelet, 'Purple Mist' 7" L ||	  Fantastic Quality Amethyst Bracelet  This bracelet is more beautiful than it looks in the picture. The amethysts are not quite as intensely purple, but I prefer them to be medium colored. They are certainly not that cheap pale amethyst, and the stones are all clear, bright and sparkling. The bracelet is generously sized, but no so large that it can pass over the hand. The clasp is VERY firm and strong. It was a gift for my elderly mother, and she has no problem fastening or unfastening the clasp by herself. But it will not come unfastened accidentally - it is very well made. The silver filigree is very durable, in spite of its delicate appearance. Also, it came in a beautiful silk brocade presentation box, which I was not expecting. And it came very quickly. I am VERY PLEASED with this item, and would certainly purchase more from this manufacturer. <end>
 B00012AWA0  Onyx and amethyst beaded necklace, 'Brilliant' ||	  Great piece of work  The only Onyx and Amethyst necklace I could find that looked great. Most others where gaudy.My wife loved it. By the way They're the 2 birth stones for February which is why I hunted for a necklace made of the 2.Great craftsmanship. <end>
 B00012AWRI  Garnet and topaz bracelet, 'Star Art' 6.3" L (end to end) x 1.1" W ||	  Love the bracelet  I own this bracelet, I have had many people admire this piece of jewelry. It is a pleasure to wear, lookes good with jeans or a more dressy outfit. <end>
 B00012B4XE  Carnelian bracelet, 'Brave Knight' 6.3" L (end to end) x 1.6" W ||	  brave knight bracelet  The picture does not do this bracelet justice. The craftsmenship is the best I have ever seen. I will cherish this bracelet and wear it with the pride it was made from. <end>
 B00012B5JM  Onyx earrings, 'Black Bell Dancers' 2" W 2" L ||	  great!!  I absolutely love these earrings!!! They are just as I hoped they would be from the picture. I wish they were available in other stones!! <end>
 B00012CVUE  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Solid, beautiful ring  I was a little leary in buying a ring from Amazon, sight-unseen, but my fiance's decision to try it and the 30-day return policy made it easy. The ring came on a Wednesday after ordering on a Saturday. It came in a jewelry box (blue velvet) which I was worried about. I took it out of the box to present to my fiance and the first thing I did was look on the inside and there I saw 'PLAT' stamped. I dropped it into the palm of my hand and was immediately impressed with the weight and heft of this ring. It slipped on nicely and looked wonderful. Unfortunately I had to take it off him and fought for a while, deciding we might want to go up 1/2 a size.I returned the ring and within 3 days, the CC was credited and I bought the 2nd ring, this time in the right size. This style of platinum ring was $1300-1600 at our local jeweler. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Amazon as a source for fine jewelry. <end>  Just make sure someone's home to sign for it!  It's true what the others are saying - it is a weighty, solid ring. A beautiful piece of platinum. There is no "Amazon" name or logo on the inside of it, so I worried about that previous customer's comment for nothing. Have it shipped to where you work though... or be sure someone (an adult) is home to sign for it, per the rules at UPS. <end>  You get what you pay for...  Pros  Modern, elegant design. Price.Cons  Wear, beveled edge is sharp, and "amazon" engraving (see my pics in the gallery)Overall  It's a very nice looking ring out of the box. I love the design, and I've seen similar rings costing 3-4 times the price. That said I'm disappointed with how it's aging. As you can see from the pics, it seems very susceptible to scuffing and scratching. I also think that the exterior beveled edge is too sharp. It causes the ring to occasionally catch on material (when putting on shirts, etc.).If I could I'd probably return it, but I'm passed the 30 day limit now, so I'll have to live with its imperfections. As the title says, I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Very nice ring  I just received the ring and it's beautiful. I was very nervous about this "Amazon" stamp some other reviewers had mentioned, but upon inspection I don't see it. All that is stamped inside is "PLAT". Not sure if they stopped stamping the rings with "Amazon" inside or what, but it's definitely not on this particular ring.The ring is heavy (as it should be for platinum) and was exactly what I was looking for. After finding it here I went to a bunch of jewelers and although some had a few that were slightly similar, they weren't what I wanted. I'm very happy I went out on a limb and decided to get this. The 30-day return policy is comforting because you know you can take a look at it, feel it and than make a decision. The moment I took it out of the box and tried it on I knew I was keeping it.If this is the style of ring you are looking for, than I highly recommend it (especially for the price). Other 6mm platinum rings can go for hundreds more dollars at jewelers. <end>  Fine Piece of Platinum  This ring I received a few days ago. I concerned about buying jewelry on the net. Took a chance and I am completely satisfied with the product. It looks elegant and you can feel the weight of the Platinum. N.B. Be sure to measure your ring size at you local jeweler befor buying online. Saves having to return and reduces your doubts. <end>  Amazon is in fact stamped on the ring  I wanted to help clarify the question about the inside stamping on the ring. Yes, it is stamped "PLAT" for platinum, and yes, it is stamped "Amazon" for Amazon.com. I would have really preferred the ring without the Amazon stamp on the inside, but it is a nice ring. I'm still trying to decide if the fit is right, but it looks great. <end>  Amazon stamp  I recently purchased this ring, and I must say that it is nice. The only problem is that the words "Amazon" are engraved on the inside of the ring, so if you want to place your own engraving it will be tough. I emailed customer support, and there is no way to purchase a ring without the "Amazon" stamp. <end>
 B00012CVW2  14k Two-Tone 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11 ||	  Scratched by anything  This ring is really cool looking and is exactly what I was looking for....unfortunately it started showing scratches on it from the first time I put it on. There is no way to keep it from getting marked up. the simple act of opening a door with a metal knob will create a mark. I went with 14k gold because I figured the higher base metal content would help keep it from getting marked up but no luck. This ring will show wear and tear like you wouldn't imagine. I wouldn't purchase it again. <end>  Exactly as described  I bought this for my husband and he loves it. Comfortable and looks nice. <end>  Great Value, Scratches Easily  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my husband since he wears a silver watch and a gold necklace, so the two-tone style was perfect. It is super comfortable and looks great, but be warned that it does scratch easily. We've been married for 7 months and it's definitely taken a beating. We're hoping that we can get some of the scratches buffed out, but my husband doesn't really care either way! <end>  Excellent  This is a very sturdy, affordable ring. It won't scratch, fade, or bend. It is excellent for someone who doesn't want to worry about breaking rings and having to get them repaired. If you aren't used to wearing a sturdy ring, which can bother some people, you might want to get something with smoother edges. <end>  gorgeous!!  we were quoted $700 for this exact ring at our jeweler, and to find it on here for $225 is amazing! its has a good weight and is really nice looking. we aren't getting married until December so it won't have any wear until then. if there are any problems i will amend my review. <end>
 B00012CVWM  14k Two-Tone 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Scratched by anything  This ring is really cool looking and is exactly what I was looking for....unfortunately it started showing scratches on it from the first time I put it on. There is no way to keep it from getting marked up. the simple act of opening a door with a metal knob will create a mark. I went with 14k gold because I figured the higher base metal content would help keep it from getting marked up but no luck. This ring will show wear and tear like you wouldn't imagine. I wouldn't purchase it again. <end>  Exactly as described  I bought this for my husband and he loves it. Comfortable and looks nice. <end>  Great Value, Scratches Easily  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my husband since he wears a silver watch and a gold necklace, so the two-tone style was perfect. It is super comfortable and looks great, but be warned that it does scratch easily. We've been married for 7 months and it's definitely taken a beating. We're hoping that we can get some of the scratches buffed out, but my husband doesn't really care either way! <end>  Excellent  This is a very sturdy, affordable ring. It won't scratch, fade, or bend. It is excellent for someone who doesn't want to worry about breaking rings and having to get them repaired. If you aren't used to wearing a sturdy ring, which can bother some people, you might want to get something with smoother edges. <end>  gorgeous!!  we were quoted $700 for this exact ring at our jeweler, and to find it on here for $225 is amazing! its has a good weight and is really nice looking. we aren't getting married until December so it won't have any wear until then. if there are any problems i will amend my review. <end>
 B00012CVXG  14k Two-Tone 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 9.5 ||	  Reflective Quality...  This item is simply beautiful. I chose it because of the reflective quality of the two-toned metals. The white gold, my preference for the pure beauty of silver and the yellow gold, his preference for the strength of gold. the polished, smooth metal and the contemporary design, makes it the right pick for the recently engaged or the happily married! <end>  Classic  I absolutely love this ring, just looking at it gives you the sensation of touching the silky sheen of it and the delecately contrasting colors embrace the modern while still staying faithful to the traditional. its perfect! <end>  disappointed  I fell in love with the picture. The ring showed to be sligthly brushed looking. When the ring arrived I was quick to learn the picture looks nothing like the ring. The ring is a bright polish and the yellow gold is barely visiable. I'm very disappointed with amazon for the lack of description. <end>  Nice simple band / ring  This is a very nice, simple, classy, ring for men. The white gold is the primary focus and the yellow gold is very subtle - which gives the ring its class. It is polished and reflects what you see in amazon's picture. I am not sure what the other's who gave this one star were complaining about. The picture shows a shiny ring and that is exactly what I got. As far as quality goes - it is a gold ring and is without flaws. If it was flawed I would send it back and wait for the replacement to write a review. Amazon always has great customer service and they want you to be happy.Nice ring!!! <end>  DTip  Excellent quality, I got exactly what I expected, a fine-looking band for a very reasonable price. <end>  Pretty ring, but beware.....  I was very happy when I first saw this ring! It fit, looked great on my finger, and then BLAM! there was the defective portion. There was a very noticeable anomaly on the white gold part, a blackish smear that was obviously a defect in the process of dyeing the yellow gold to white. I thought about exchanging it for another one, but figured, &quot;You know, Amazon just recently launched their Jewelry department. If their Quality Control is so bad as to send the customer a defective ring, they don't deserve a second chance!&quot; Sorry Amazon, do better and you just might succeed. <end>
 B00012CVYK  14k Two-Tone 6mm Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 11.5 ||	  Reflective Quality...  This item is simply beautiful. I chose it because of the reflective quality of the two-toned metals. The white gold, my preference for the pure beauty of silver and the yellow gold, his preference for the strength of gold. the polished, smooth metal and the contemporary design, makes it the right pick for the recently engaged or the happily married! <end>  Classic  I absolutely love this ring, just looking at it gives you the sensation of touching the silky sheen of it and the delecately contrasting colors embrace the modern while still staying faithful to the traditional. its perfect! <end>  disappointed  I fell in love with the picture. The ring showed to be sligthly brushed looking. When the ring arrived I was quick to learn the picture looks nothing like the ring. The ring is a bright polish and the yellow gold is barely visiable. I'm very disappointed with amazon for the lack of description. <end>  Nice simple band / ring  This is a very nice, simple, classy, ring for men. The white gold is the primary focus and the yellow gold is very subtle - which gives the ring its class. It is polished and reflects what you see in amazon's picture. I am not sure what the other's who gave this one star were complaining about. The picture shows a shiny ring and that is exactly what I got. As far as quality goes - it is a gold ring and is without flaws. If it was flawed I would send it back and wait for the replacement to write a review. Amazon always has great customer service and they want you to be happy.Nice ring!!! <end>  DTip  Excellent quality, I got exactly what I expected, a fine-looking band for a very reasonable price. <end>  Pretty ring, but beware.....  I was very happy when I first saw this ring! It fit, looked great on my finger, and then BLAM! there was the defective portion. There was a very noticeable anomaly on the white gold part, a blackish smear that was obviously a defect in the process of dyeing the yellow gold to white. I thought about exchanging it for another one, but figured, &quot;You know, Amazon just recently launched their Jewelry department. If their Quality Control is so bad as to send the customer a defective ring, they don't deserve a second chance!&quot; Sorry Amazon, do better and you just might succeed. <end>
 B00012NP22  Amethyst necklace, 'Shining Mauve' 16" L ||	  Beautiful  beautiful necklace. came in an interesting box. very original. I would recomend this to anyone who likes or is buying for someone who likes amethyst. <end>
 B00012O04O  Cloisonne necklace, 'Rainbow Butterfly' 17" L ||	  Excellent craftsmanship!  This is a beautiful necklace. The silversmith work is superb. It is very unique and a nice addition to any jewelry collection. NOVICA does an excellent job of communicating status of the order. The packaging is very nice as well. You can sense the pride they take in their profession. <end>
 B00013U8VM  Sterling Silver Heart-Shape Amethyst Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Beautiful and unique ring  Really beautiful and uniquely designed ring. The stones are a light purple color. The ring is well made and exactly as pictured. <end>
 B00013U8Y4  Sterling Silver Heart-Shape Amethyst Ring Size 10 ||	  Beautiful and unique ring  Really beautiful and uniquely designed ring. The stones are a light purple color. The ring is well made and exactly as pictured. <end>
 B00013VM7G  Amazon.com  The Town Marshall 1&quot; Buckleset 071-325-5  Clothing ||	  Superb Quality!  Vogt is a class company, creating wonderful designs with great quality. Luskey's/Ryon's Western Stores were a pleasure to deal with and had great customer service. I definitely would recommend the buckle set AND Luskey/Ryon to anyone. I love my new buckle set! <end>
 B00014Q5YU  PalmBeach Jewelry 3.80-Carat Round Genuine Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Solitaire Ring ||	  Just like it looks in the picture, but better!  This is a beautiful ring, with a clear, bright blue topaz. The stone I received has no visible inclusions, and is a vivacious bright blue. The band is wide, but attractive and very comfortable (I may start purchasing wider bands, it's so comfy!). WELL WORTH THE PRICE! A great gift at this cost, or just go ahead and spend a few dollars on yourself, like I did (well, assuming you're a woman that wears a size 5.5 or 6 ring). One note - I wear a 5.5, and the size 6 ring fit perfectly, so if you're worried, buy the next half size up. <end>  color  The product was nice, but I was looking for a darker stone. If you want a nice medium blue stone, this is a great deal. <end>
 B00014ZFWI  Cornucopia earrings, 'Silver Sea Horses' 1" W 2" L ||	  ready for the beach?  i ordered these very playful earrings, when i found them here at such a great price, very excellent quality, would be perfect for a young teenager(not oversized) or perfect to wear to the beach... <end>
 B00014ZI0C  Gold plated pendant, 'Rain Frog' 1" W 1" L ||	  ...it's the pendant I use most!  I've had this tiny rainfrog for about three years now. Just for fun, when it rains, I wear him on a 16 inch silver omega. He's become one of my signature pieces, and I never fail to get compliments on him. This pendant is quite small...sometimes people look at it, and then come closer to see what it really is...and then they say...OH! It's a FROG!!! I do notice that my froggie is tarnishing now, not only the silver, but the gold plating. I'll have to figure out how to clean it without damaging the finish. <end>
 B000158V96  Sterling Silver Gold Plated With Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 10 ||	  Beautiful but HUGE  This ring was so beautiful. This ring was a MONSTER sitting on my finger. Sent it back. 5 STARS to the company for IMMEDIATE refund. They were wonderful. Would absolutely purchase from them again, without hesitation. I will read the DESCRIPTION better next time! <end>
 B00015CELM  Waterford Crystal Heart Ring Holder ||	  They sell returned goods  I was very disappointed with this item. This is clearly a returned item and packed with a broken box. This is a prestige item and is a gift. I paid full price but got a used item. Go buy direct from Waterford you pay full price and get brand new stuff.Too late to return as this is a Christmas present for my wife. I have to tell my wife I got it from Amazon.com. Shame on you Amazon! <end>  Cute and does the job  I received this as a shower gift 20 years ago - it was only $50 in those days. It is very pretty and I have never lost my engagement ring or wedding band. Highly recommended as an engagement/shower gift. However, if you're buying it for yourself & don't need the box, it seems like there are some "like new" items through Amazon at a much discounted price for Waterford quality. <end>  perfect  the item was exactly what my wife was looking for. it arrived exactly when they said it would in perfect condition. <end>
 B00015EJM4  Sterling Silver Gold Plated With Peridot Ring Size 5 ||	  Very Nice Ring!  I love it. The service was great right from the start.I love the e-mails that tell me where the shipment is, and when I can expect it.The product is just as beautiful as it was on the site.I am very, very happy! <end>
 B00015VKG2  Peridot Medical Plastic Earrings ||	  GREAT PRODUCT - GREAT COMPANY  Finally, a pair of earings that I can wear. I had no allergic reation to the plastic or the titanium earings. Customer service is fast and polite too! <end>  I can wear earrings again!  I have not been able to wear earring for more than few hours if I even managed to get them in since I had them repierced about 20 years ago. It felt like they never healed and would bleed and ooze/crust every time I wore earrings. It didn't matter if it was gold. In fact the one that gave me the least problem was a pair my young son bought for $5 on the street.I love earrings and would keep buying them but was unable to wear them so I was planning to see a Dermatologist. I decided to do some research first. I came across this and thought it was worth a try. $25 for plastic earrings seemed high but for me it was totally worth it. I wore them for 3 weeks and when I thought my ear piercings were fully healed, I started wearing earrings again and have not had any problems no matter what metal the earring posts were. I thought I must have a nickel allergy but now I am not so sure since my reaction went away. I don't know why my ear piercings didn't heal after 20 years and wearing these earrings made such a difference. I am very pleasantly surprised and pleased. I didn't have to see a Dermatologist and saved time and $100s. I wear earrings all the time now without any problems. <end>  So glad I found these  My daughter got her ears pierced and they weren't healing right. I got these earrings and there was a dramatic improvement in just 48 hours. She obviously has a nickel allergy. Had it not been for my finding this company, I would have had to let her piercings close. The shipping was quick and their customer service was outstanding. I just wish they sold their products in stores. Thanks Blomdahl! <end>  Thank goodness I found these!!  I have had my ears pierced for several years. When I was a kid I had horrible allergies, but thought I grew out of it when I re-pierced my ears as an adult. No matter what kind of metal jewelry I wear, I break out. My ears were getting so horrible and becoming infected, but if I would take the earrings out the holes would close up. Catch 22! I am so glad I found these, they are wonderful. You can't tell they are plastic unless you are REALLY close. Now I have no irritation and don't have to worry about my ears closing up. It shipped well and quickly. Thanks! <end>  Excellent!  I have worn these for 48 hours straight with no swelling, irritation, weeping, infection or pain. THANK YOU for finally allowing me to wear earrings longer than 2 hours without pain. <end>
 B00015VKHG  Blomdahl Aquamarine Medical Plastic Earrings ||	  No allergies, backings not secure  Great earrings in that they have solved my allergy issues. The problem is that the backings keep coming off. I have already had to pull the plumbing apart and I have only had them for 1 month. I tried to order "starter earrings" on the theory that they would stay on better, but they are only available through a doctor. Rubber earring backs may solve the problem. <end>
 B00015VKVW  Reg-blomdahls White Pearl Earrings 5mm ||	  Pretty and Comfortable  These are the most comfortable earrings I own and I have received many compliments on them. <end>  Poorly made  The company seems to have put a lot of effort into using hypo-allergenic materials for its earrings, which is admirable. I can't say whether it was successful in that regard, because this pair of earrings was defective upon arrival. The pearl on one of the earrings popped out of the setting as soon as it was touched, and the earring backs fit onto the stocks as clumsily as a pair of $3.99 studs from a cheap store. Certainly not what I expected for $40.If the other pair of earrings I ordered didn't also exhibit poor engineering and craftsmanship, I would have considered it just one of those things and exchanged the pair.I was so happy to find what I thought was a good solution to my nickel-sensitive skin, but alas, my hopeful expectations have been bitterly dashed. <end>
 B00016PV2K  Sapphire and Diamond Fashion Pendant in 14K White Gold ||	  Beautiful on the Wife  I purchased this pendant, along with matching earings, several years ago. They were a small gift for my wife for her birthday. Not only was she quite happy in getting these lovely little sapphires (one in the pendant), but she along looks great in them.I wouldn't recommend these as the main gift for someone who gets a lot of jewelery, but if it is a rare thing, or it's a little "thinking of you" gift, I would definately say it is money well spent. <end>
 B00017WRSA  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 5 ||	  Leticia  This is a very nice ring for this price. The stone is suspended in a bridge-like style. It gives the impression of a very expensive ring. It looked really large to me in the picture, but it is of average size. If you like Iolite, you will really appreciate it. <end>  Love this ring !!!  This ring is really an eye catcher as the other person said that reviewed it, it looks real big but it is a perfect size,I would like to buy it in a larger size for someone else hint gemworks !!! <end>
 B00017WS7A  Sterling Silver Peridot And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Shiny and elegant  This is a great modern ring although it is a little uncomfortable. It is a hard silver and my fingers can't rest against one another when it is on my finger. But it is very lovely. <end>
 B00017WSW0  Sterling Silver Ladybug Pin With Amethyst, Citrine And Enamel ||	  Too weird to wear.  I love artsy, interesting, non-mainstream jewelry, and this fits the bill. However, this piece is too weird to wear. The pin is designed so the enameled "back" of the ladybug (although I'm convinced it's a "misterbug" it's facial features are masculine), faces forward, this would be ok, as it is the enameled and colorful part of the pin - however there is a big hole going through misterbug's head - meant for a necklace or cord. So when you wear it as a necklace, the pin is facing forward. Not the best design, as no matter how you wear it, it looks like it might be on backwards. <end>
 B00017WU1O  Sterling Silver Pink Enamel, Brushed Gold Design And Citrine Ring Size 8 ||	  Great ring  I wanted an enamel ring like the Hidalgo stack rings, but didn't want to spend a lot of $. This ring is really great looking and fits very nicely. It is an unusual design, and I get a lot of compliments on it. It is a designer look at less than $40!! <end>
 B00017WU1Y  Sterling Silver Pink Enamel, Brushed Gold Design And Citrine Ring Size 9 ||	  Great ring  I wanted an enamel ring like the Hidalgo stack rings, but didn't want to spend a lot of $. This ring is really great looking and fits very nicely. It is an unusual design, and I get a lot of compliments on it. It is a designer look at less than $40!! <end>
 B00017X44Q  Sterling Silver Pendant, 'Sun Moon Kiss' 1" W 1" L ||	  Sun/ Moon Pendant  I had been looking for a while for a Sun/moon pendant with some color, not gold that costs a small fortune. I can see a lot of work went into making this. I like that the mouths are matched up and that they don't look grumpy. It is not flat, giving it a three dimensional look. I get a lot of compliments. And people are very curious about where I got it. I tell them Novica thru Amazon.com. I will be looking for other products from them. <end>
 B00018I6Z2  Platinum 6mm Carved Comfort Fit Plain Wedding Band, Size 8.5 ||	  Solid, beautiful ring  I was a little leary in buying a ring from Amazon, sight-unseen, but my fiance's decision to try it and the 30-day return policy made it easy. The ring came on a Wednesday after ordering on a Saturday. It came in a jewelry box (blue velvet) which I was worried about. I took it out of the box to present to my fiance and the first thing I did was look on the inside and there I saw 'PLAT' stamped. I dropped it into the palm of my hand and was immediately impressed with the weight and heft of this ring. It slipped on nicely and looked wonderful. Unfortunately I had to take it off him and fought for a while, deciding we might want to go up 1/2 a size.I returned the ring and within 3 days, the CC was credited and I bought the 2nd ring, this time in the right size. This style of platinum ring was $1300-1600 at our local jeweler. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Amazon as a source for fine jewelry. <end>  Just make sure someone's home to sign for it!  It's true what the others are saying - it is a weighty, solid ring. A beautiful piece of platinum. There is no "Amazon" name or logo on the inside of it, so I worried about that previous customer's comment for nothing. Have it shipped to where you work though... or be sure someone (an adult) is home to sign for it, per the rules at UPS. <end>  You get what you pay for...  Pros  Modern, elegant design. Price.Cons  Wear, beveled edge is sharp, and "amazon" engraving (see my pics in the gallery)Overall  It's a very nice looking ring out of the box. I love the design, and I've seen similar rings costing 3-4 times the price. That said I'm disappointed with how it's aging. As you can see from the pics, it seems very susceptible to scuffing and scratching. I also think that the exterior beveled edge is too sharp. It causes the ring to occasionally catch on material (when putting on shirts, etc.).If I could I'd probably return it, but I'm passed the 30 day limit now, so I'll have to live with its imperfections. As the title says, I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Very nice ring  I just received the ring and it's beautiful. I was very nervous about this "Amazon" stamp some other reviewers had mentioned, but upon inspection I don't see it. All that is stamped inside is "PLAT". Not sure if they stopped stamping the rings with "Amazon" inside or what, but it's definitely not on this particular ring.The ring is heavy (as it should be for platinum) and was exactly what I was looking for. After finding it here I went to a bunch of jewelers and although some had a few that were slightly similar, they weren't what I wanted. I'm very happy I went out on a limb and decided to get this. The 30-day return policy is comforting because you know you can take a look at it, feel it and than make a decision. The moment I took it out of the box and tried it on I knew I was keeping it.If this is the style of ring you are looking for, than I highly recommend it (especially for the price). Other 6mm platinum rings can go for hundreds more dollars at jewelers. <end>  Fine Piece of Platinum  This ring I received a few days ago. I concerned about buying jewelry on the net. Took a chance and I am completely satisfied with the product. It looks elegant and you can feel the weight of the Platinum. N.B. Be sure to measure your ring size at you local jeweler befor buying online. Saves having to return and reduces your doubts. <end>  Amazon is in fact stamped on the ring  I wanted to help clarify the question about the inside stamping on the ring. Yes, it is stamped "PLAT" for platinum, and yes, it is stamped "Amazon" for Amazon.com. I would have really preferred the ring without the Amazon stamp on the inside, but it is a nice ring. I'm still trying to decide if the fit is right, but it looks great. <end>  Amazon stamp  I recently purchased this ring, and I must say that it is nice. The only problem is that the words "Amazon" are engraved on the inside of the ring, so if you want to place your own engraving it will be tough. I emailed customer support, and there is no way to purchase a ring without the "Amazon" stamp. <end>
 B00018MNB0  Irish Penny Harp Two Tone Coin Earrings ||	  The Colonel  My wife, from County Claire, absolutely loved them. By the way these are refered to as "ha-pennies" pronounced haypenny. <end>
 B00018MONM  Bermuda 10 Cent "Lily" Two Tone Coin Cut Out with 18" Chain ||	  poor quality  I ordered two of these necklaces. I felt they looked like very inexpensive fashion jewelry, not worth the price. <end>
 B00018MOVO  Buffalo Nickel (1913 - 1938) Two Tone Plain Edge U.S. Coin with 18" Chain ||	  Poor quality  Not as advertised - this product looks and feels like costume adornments. Spend your money elsewhere. <end>
 B00018MPGS  Mexican 20 Centavo Eagle Two Tone Coin with 24" Necklace ||	  I feel like I ma mexican hot girl =))) I love that necklace!  I love that mexican necklace!Mexican 20 Centavo &Ograve;Eagle&Oacute; Two Tone Coin with 24" Necklace <end>
 B0001APOMS  Cultured Pearls And Diamond Necklace In 14kt Yellow Gold. 20&quot; ||	  A Lovely Addition  I received this necklace as a Christmas gift, and I absolutely love it. In real life it is even more beautiful than it appears in the picture. The pearls are a nice size - especially the drop pearl, and even though the diamonds in the "diamond heart" are very small, the heart does not look small in the context of the necklace. Rather, it adds just the right sparkle. I will caution that this necklace is delicate (the gold chain is a bit thin), so you'll want to be careful with it - but I haven't had any problems so far.I have never been disappointed in anything bought from Ross-Simons! <end>
 B0001BN4A6  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Bracelet, 8" ||	  CZ bracelet  Very disappointed in the appearance and quality of the bracelet and its definitely not worth $45.00 - not even close. <end>
 B0001EZD5M  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Smaller than I thought but..  The ring is really small; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it. I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut, that is why its worth it, but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is. However, the ring was perfect for my needs (and I looked around) and you cannot find another bigger or better one in the same price range. So, I am quite satisfied with my purchase. <end>  good service  i actually got the ring sooner then i expected. the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge!!! excellent. will buy from again <end>  DONT BUY  THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING. UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU. ID SAY IT'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT. THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU'D THINK IT IS. DONT GET IT.. <end>  Beautiful!  What sparkle. It is so pretty and dainty. Just what I was looking for. <end>  smallish  its smaller then expected but it arrived earlier then expected and my girlfreind is happy with it. so i have no problem with it at all <end>  Very Very pleased!  I couldn't believe it. The ring is fab. Of course its not that big, but hey, its only 140 dollars! It is a beautiful ring though. Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend, but the shipping, was so fast. They said it would be shipped on the 21st, yet it came on the 20th! now, thats what I call service. This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made. <end>  What's up w/ the photo?  This pic makes the ring look like it's a 2 carat diamond! 1/10 is super tiny, so this pic is very misleading. The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting, yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color isn't much to brag about. <end>  Szul Stinks!  Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you. If you do business with Szul, there's a good chance you'll get screwed! <end>  Beautiful ring, and I got it free!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous, and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site  awesomestufffree.com/jewelry <end>
 B0001EZDB6  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Smaller than I thought but..  The ring is really small; smaller than I had originally thought but does have a nice shine and sparkle to it. I know its a relatively good quality diamond and cut, that is why its worth it, but I guess I did not realize just how small 1/10 ct is. However, the ring was perfect for my needs (and I looked around) and you cannot find another bigger or better one in the same price range. So, I am quite satisfied with my purchase. <end>  good service  i actually got the ring sooner then i expected. the first one was a defect but they have great customer service and totally replaced the ring and also refunded my shipping charge!!! excellent. will buy from again <end>  DONT BUY  THIS RING IS VERY VERY MISLEADING. UNLESS YOU LIKE TRYING TO LOOK AT IT WITH A MAGNIFYING GLASS THEN THIS IS THE ONEFOR YOU. ID SAY IT'S PRETTY MUCH FALSE ADVERTISEMENT. THIS IS NOT WHAT YOU'D THINK IT IS. DONT GET IT.. <end>  Beautiful!  What sparkle. It is so pretty and dainty. Just what I was looking for. <end>  smallish  its smaller then expected but it arrived earlier then expected and my girlfreind is happy with it. so i have no problem with it at all <end>  Very Very pleased!  I couldn't believe it. The ring is fab. Of course its not that big, but hey, its only 140 dollars! It is a beautiful ring though. Not only does the ring seem perfect for my girlfriend, but the shipping, was so fast. They said it would be shipped on the 21st, yet it came on the 20th! now, thats what I call service. This is probably the smartest purchase I have ever made. <end>  What's up w/ the photo?  This pic makes the ring look like it's a 2 carat diamond! 1/10 is super tiny, so this pic is very misleading. The diamond in the photo is very large when compared to the setting, yet 1/10 of a carat would be barely 2mm x 2mm! Not to mention the clarity is horrible and the color isn't much to brag about. <end>  Szul Stinks!  Szul Customer Service will lie to you and overcharge you. If you do business with Szul, there's a good chance you'll get screwed! <end>  Beautiful ring, and I got it free!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous, and I got it free in a special promotion at this web site  awesomestufffree.com/jewelry <end>
 B0001EZDLQ  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  Nice Ring, Picture doesn't represent the real ring  This Ring is nice, the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here, but I would recommend to read about the "carats"[1] of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is...My fiance loves it, and here's[2] a *fuzzy* picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring..[1]http //www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png <end>
 B0001EZDSE  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  Nice Ring, Picture doesn't represent the real ring  This Ring is nice, the diamond is a lot smaller than the picture here, but I would recommend to read about the "carats"[1] of the diamond so you can have an idea on how big it is...My fiance loves it, and here's[2] a *fuzzy* picture of the ring soyou can take a look to the real ring..[1]http //www.amazon.com/gp/help/jewelry//104-1175310-2652750?%5Fencoding=UTF8[2]http //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring1.pnghttp //www.gruponumar.com/~esanchez/wen_ring2.png <end>
 B0001EZDYI  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZEB0  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZEFG  1/10 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  1/10ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire in 14k Yellow Gold  It looks like a very nice ring good price too it is a pity that we can not see the ring on it's height and how big the diamond is and the setting <end>
 B0001EZLQ8  1/5 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  beautiful  Beautiful women deserve beautiful jewels. I'm not ashamed to say--I get the best. I deny myself nothing. Why should I? Luv ya <end>
 B0001EZPO6  1/4 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Ms. Adam  The ring is beautiful, but I think it is not for an adult. It is a very thin and tiny ring not what you see on the picture. <end>
 B0001EZPTQ  1/4 ct.tw Princess Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Ms. Adam  The ring is beautiful, but I think it is not for an adult. It is a very thin and tiny ring not what you see on the picture. <end>
 B0001F061W  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Great quality!  This was the first time I had purchased jewelery online and I can say I am very impressed. The quality and finish of the ring is excellent and the diamond is nicer than I expected in this price range. I especially like the tone of the 14k white gold over the 10k and that is uncommon with this stone size and price range. <end>  Small, yet i like it.  Well, i thought that it was going to be a little bigger than it was. Its cute though, i have no complaints. Definitely something people noticed. <end>  IM EXITED!!!  I ordered this ring for my girl, future fiancee! it looks big on the pictures but once i opened it it was small! still i love it and i hope my girl likes it tomorrow when i get on my knee!thx SZUL i like the fact i sent you guys a message requesting it before Saturday and I got it today  ] really good service. Will come back for future products <end>  Great quality!  This was the first time I had purchased jewelery online and I can say I am very impressed. The quality and finish of the ring is excellent and the diamond is nicer than I expected in this price range. I especially like the tone of the 14k white gold over the 10k and that is uncommon with this stone size and price range. <end>  Small, yet i like it.  Well, i thought that it was going to be a little bigger than it was. Its cute though, i have no complaints. Definitely something people noticed. <end>  IM EXITED!!!  I ordered this ring for my girl, future fiancee! it looks big on the pictures but once i opened it it was small! still i love it and i hope my girl likes it tomorrow when i get on my knee!thx SZUL i like the fact i sent you guys a message requesting it before Saturday and I got it today  ] really good service. Will come back for future products <end>
 B0001F06FI  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k Yellow Gold ||	  Delighted  I choose this product as a gift for my sister and she found awesomeShe loved it at first sight100% satisfiedthank you guys <end>
 B0001F06FS  1/10 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k Yellow Gold ||	  Delighted  I choose this product as a gift for my sister and she found awesomeShe loved it at first sight100% satisfiedthank you guys <end>
 B0001F082Y  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 14k White Gold ||	  Beautiful!  The ring looks very nice. But I would recommend going first to jewelry stores and see for yourself the size of the stones, so you know what you are ordering. The picture doesn't show the real size and you might be dissapointed. Other than that, I am happy with my ring! <end>
 B0001F08CY  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>
 B0001F08EW  1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold ||	  not satisfase  i expect like regular size of ring,but this one look like a ring for toy or something funy, the MM of our rings is 5MM and this ring may be is 1MMso ridiculousMartin1/5 ct.tw Round Diamond Solitaire Ring in 18k White Gold <end>
 B0001GOPZ4  Kendal Large Digital Ultrasonic Cleaner for Jewelry Watch DVD with 750ml tank 3818 ||	  Dead on arrival  Received it quickly, plugged it in right away to try it. It died almost immediately. Vendor promised a refund (have not see it yet) but I still don't understand why this got such good reviews. I chose Kendal because they seemed like an experienced manufacturer (other larger models for sale). My New Trent worked well for 10 months so I was looking for something more reliable. No such luck. <end>  Kendal Large Digital Ultrasonic Cleaner  Great product at a reasonable price. The Kendal ultrasonic jewelry cleaner works great. This machine cleans jewelry and makes it look brand new! (with the right jewelry solution of course) after a few runs with the ultrasonic (depending on how dirty your jewelry is) your jewelry will look shiny and sparkle like new. My fiance Loves it! this product also comes with a watch stand and cd adaptor just in case you want to throw those into the ultrasonic. great product at a great value. <end>  It works ok.  I bought this unit with the expectation that it would work really well. I followed all the recommended cleaning instructions, and when I cleaned a ring of mine per the directions, it looked as if it was never cleaned. Wiping the ring down with a soft cloth made the ring sparkle more, but I could still see the build-up on the stones and in-between the stones. I am not sure if a good ring cleaner and a small soft brush wouldn't accomplish the same job. <end>  Ultrasonic Cleaner  I have not used this product yet, mainly because of the size. I have enough items on my bathroom sink. <end>  Works like a charm.  No other method for cleaning jewelry or other small metalic or plastic items will get the grime out of miniscule nooks and crannies like this ultrasonic marvel. In the past I used small brushes and tooth paste or liquid soap, but nothing beats the high frequency liquid vibrations to agitate away dirt. Now my wife's bright jewelry always looks pristine and beautiful.Highly recommended. <end>  clean jewelry  This is my 3rd ultrasonic jewelery cleaner. Best price yet by half, great size for everything I clean such as jewelry, eye glasses and such. The last one passed away after only 4 years so I hope this one last longer.My jeweler said to use water and just add a bit of Windex and it has worked perfectly for 10 years. <end>  beats having a professional do it ! very convienent ! Love it  Clean It! This Sonic Wave CD-2800 Ultrasonic Cleaner is a powerful unit This machine is awesome it cleans your jewelry, eyeglasses,coins and even dentures/orthodonic retainers in minutes! very ez 2 use. I may charge people to clean their items ! mmmmm <end>  Pleased with this purchase  Recently purchased an ultrasonic cleaner at Wal-mart, but was so displeased with it i took it back the next morning. Searched and found this one for just about the same price, but the difference is night and day. Am very pleased with this product, and would recommend and buy again. <end>  Great  Great on jewelry and especially glasses. Worked as it should, no complaints. I do recommend using distilled and/or deionized water. <end>  Awesome  This thing is really cool my fiance has a necklace he wares alot! so we put it in with just a little dawn and some water, we could not stop watching like little kids and we saw the black coming of of it it was to cool! <end>  Bought for a Gift  This ultrasonic cleaner was bought for a Christmas gift for a grand-child. It arrived timely and in great condition. My grand-child says it works great. <end>  9mm  I use the cleaner to clean 9mm brass for reloading. It takes several cycles for cleaning, could be more powerful. You'll need to make a wire handle to remove the basket. I did this with some fine stainless steel wire. <end>  cleaning tattoo tools  i think this gaget is cool and can be used for lots of things,iwould buy it to clean my tattoo stainlless tips and also back tube and tools that you work with. i would also use it for changing ink rinse.it nice and affordable. i would use it for my jewery watches,ring,and ect. it is a nice looking piece,looks easy to clean,and take up hardly no space. lol CRAZY RICK <end>  Very nice machine  It's just what I needed. The timer goes up to 480 seconds (8-minutes). The tank capacity is 2.5-cups, whereas the other small machines I looked at are only 2-cups. The only thing I wish the manufactureres of these machines would make is a removeable tank for easy emptying and cleaning.I highly recommend the Kendal Ultrasonic machine. <end>
 B0001H5ZXY  Sterling Silver Iolite And Cubic Zirconia Ring Size 10 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS RING  THIS RING IS GORGEOUS AND I CANT BELIEVE I GOT "REAL" IOLITE IN SUCH A PRETTY RING FOR THIS PRICE,USUALLY THE CREATED IOLATE IS MORE.MY HAT'S OFF TO GEMWORKS FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL BUY.THNX GEMWORKS.I LOVE THIS RING. <end>
 B0001H603S  Sterling Silver Peridot Ring Size 6.5 ||	  Happy with my purchase  Love this ring! Much better in person. It's certainly a ring I get a lot of compliments on. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B0001H6042  Sterling Silver Peridot Ring Size 7 ||	  Happy with my purchase  Love this ring! Much better in person. It's certainly a ring I get a lot of compliments on. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B0001HYT2M  10kt Diamond 'Shooting Stars' Ring ||	  she loved it  I got this for my wife while serving in iraq and she was extatic. she loves stars and its so nice to find whatever you want even while being so far away. she loves it. <end>
 B0001J0NSO  14kt. White Gold, 1 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 7.5) ||	  It is stunning!!  When we were shopping for wedding rings, I wanted something that was simple, but elegant. Because I have small hands and my profession prevents me from wearing anything too gaudy, I wanted a flat surface (nothing with prongs, etc.) and something that stood out, that was different. This ring caught my eye instantly - the way the diamonds sparkled - I was sold even before trying it on. There were two other sizes (1.5 ct. and 2.0 ct.), but our wedding budget was tight and I was content with the 1 ct.; I also opted for yellow gold. On my wedding day, my husband placed this ring on my finger; much to my surprise, it was the 2.0 ct.!! We recently celebrated our 1-year anniversary, for which I received a diamond anniversary band that is a perfect match. This ring is absolutely exquisite and is very versatile (wear alone or with baguettes, princess cut, etc.). The compliments never end!! <end>
 B0001J0NTI  14kt. White Gold, 1 ct. tw. Diamond Anniversary Ring (Size 8.5) ||	  It is stunning!!  When we were shopping for wedding rings, I wanted something that was simple, but elegant. Because I have small hands and my profession prevents me from wearing anything too gaudy, I wanted a flat surface (nothing with prongs, etc.) and something that stood out, that was different. This ring caught my eye instantly - the way the diamonds sparkled - I was sold even before trying it on. There were two other sizes (1.5 ct. and 2.0 ct.), but our wedding budget was tight and I was content with the 1 ct.; I also opted for yellow gold. On my wedding day, my husband placed this ring on my finger; much to my surprise, it was the 2.0 ct.!! We recently celebrated our 1-year anniversary, for which I received a diamond anniversary band that is a perfect match. This ring is absolutely exquisite and is very versatile (wear alone or with baguettes, princess cut, etc.). The compliments never end!! <end>
 B0001LFQ34  Narrow Openwork Ring (size  6) ||	  This ring rocks!  This ring totally amazed me. The quality is so much better than I had expected. It's truly a very pretty, shiny, and kewl ring. I got it for my boyfriend and he totally loves it. <end>
 B0001LFQ5M  Narrow Openwork Ring (size  8) ||	  This ring rocks!  This ring totally amazed me. The quality is so much better than I had expected. It's truly a very pretty, shiny, and kewl ring. I got it for my boyfriend and he totally loves it. <end>
 B0001LVC50  Sterling Silver Amethyst Brushed Bracelet, 8.5" ||	  beautiful  This was given to me as a gift, it is a gorgeous bracelet. The only thing that keeps it from getting 5 stars is one of the stones is quite a bit darker than the other stones. However it is still a quite stunning piece. The amethysts are sparkly and beautiful. The weight isnt too light and not too heavy, the butterfly clasp is a beautiful addition as well. I am very happy with this bracelet! <end>
 B0001M15XI  White Freshwater Cultured Pearl 3-Pc. Set (5-5.5mm) ||	  Family  Got this set for my mother-in-law birthday. she was so excited when she recieved it. she stated it was very pretty and looks very nice on her. <end>
 B0001M3YHI  Open Heart Necklace ||	  Don't bother  What the picture fails to show you is the back of the necklace. The back of the neclace is hollow. The front of the necklace looks great but the back looks horrible. I returned this item right after I got it. Don't bother with this item. I thought this item would be a good substitute to the tiffany's version but this doesn't even come close <end>
 B0001MRFJG  14k Yellow Gold Medium Round Lady of Guadalupe Medal on 18" Chain ||	  medallion  The product description was correct, but I miss read it thinking the medallion was going to be 1 inch in diameter. <end>
 B0001VRCJU  16 14k White Gold Fancy Diamond Oval Tanzanite Pendant On Chain ||	  Vintage Sparkle  I ordered this item from Ross=Simons and it is beautiful. The piece has an antique look and the tanzanite is rich in color. This is a good choice! <end>
 B0001W9HZ6  Flowers Pushpins ||	  Very pretty  Perfect, high quality, very stylish! I could tell just from the outside packaging that these were keepers! I will be purchasing more for myself and to give as gifts. A really nice touch. <end>  We love these pushpins!  These pushpins are great. They are a high quality product in a fabulous design that is not overly cutesy. And they even come in a nice little box perfect for gift giving. We've had lots of coments about them when people see our corkboard. It is so much better than those tacky office suppy pushpins. Totally worth the price. They have become one of those little details in our house they make us all smile. Keep the designs coming and we'll keep buying. Thanks. <end>
 B0001WI7H0  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Navel Ring Double ?halloween Skull Dangle Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  junk jewelry  I am very unhappy with this product. I have only been wearing it for a couple of weeks and all the "silver" has rubbed off the skull that hangs down and the ring that holds the hanging skull is not welded together so it gets snagged on things like towels and such. I would not buy another from this vendor and am going to try to get my money back. <end>
 B0001WI7Y8  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Belly Navel Ring Purple Crystal Flowers Dangle February Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  cute but doesnt last long  this is really cute but mine broke only in a couple weeks of wearing. this is probably good if you change belly buttons every week. <end>
 B0001WI7ZC  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Pink Crystal Triple Heart Dangle Gem Belly Button Ring Navel Piercing Bar Body Jewelry ||	  bling  Product does not resemble the picture as much as I had hoped. In photo, it appears light green and yellow, but it is actually mostly silver, with a bright red stone set in a bronzy-gold center. Not the earthy vibe I was looking for- decidedly more clubby, but maybe that's your thing.Ring seems to be quite sturdy and well-made, and is pretty comfortable to wear. Aside from the discrepency with the photograph, I can't complain. <end>
 B0001WIBOE  Pugster Buddhist Bracelet Silver Musical Angel Italian Charms ||	  great quality  When I recieved this in the mail it was just as it is pictured.I liked it so much I order another one! <end>
 B0001WICIY  Pugster Frankenstein Face Christmas Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Would have been nice.......  ....... if the sandal had not come off....and is now lost <end>
 B0001WIFWW  Pugster Sun Ocean Palm Tree Gift Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Buy with caution!  I purchased this link along with 4 others. This one is very nice as are the others that match what I actually ordered. The company, however, sent one incorrect link and was completely unwilling to admit the error or to rectify the error. I was only able to get a refund after filing a claim with Amazon. I do not recommend purchasing anything from Pugster, but if you do buy with extreme caution. <end>
 B0001WIG7G  Pugster Name Grace Italian Charm ||	  Very cute italian charm  I was impressed with this charm and it is very cute. I gave it as a gift and the person loved it as well. <end>
 B0001WIH1Q  Pugster Golden Italian Charm Bracelet I Heart Son ||	  A special charm!  This cute, tiny charm is full of inspiration witha message I could have chosen it among many of them.Perhaps, you will never stop to choose another todecorate your exclusive Pugstar bracelet! <end>
 B0001WIHMA  Pugster Golden Italian Charm Bracelet Halloween Pumpkin Face ||	  Pumpkin Face Charm  Color and design is great. Very visible and noticable. ove the orange and gold color. Very durable against scratching and the link easily slides on to others and fits smoothly in the bracelet. <end>
 B0001WIIUQ  Pugster Buddhist Bracelet Mormon Christian Italian Charms ||	  Fab indie gifts.  They make Fab indie gifts, which can be semi-personalized. Neat and original ways to shiw you care; fairly inexpensive! Get them ! <end>
 B0001WIJ3W  Pugster Doberman Face Gift Italian Charm ||	  Pugster Italiam Charm  This a very cute charm. The detail is really great. My only complaint is that the ears tend to snag on clothing. I ended up having to take it off of my bracelet. <end>
 B0001WIKUO  Pugster Don't Mess Alpha Bitch Italian Charms ||	  Hockey stick Charm  The charm is very small, from a 2-3 foot distance, you could not tell it is hockey sticks. You have to be quite close to see what it is. I paid too much for this item. <end>
 B0001WIN74  Pugster Sport Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Cool pooh  This charm has a Winnie The Pooh and I like him so he gets one star there. The color is preety good so one more star. They covered most of the charm so you don't see the metal as much one more star.3 stars <end>
 B0001WINR4  Pugster Letter C Golden Italian Charm Bracelets ||	  Wouldn't recommend  This bead is cute but the silver coloring came off around the stones almost immediately. I have only had for 4 days. <end>
 B0001X275W  Size 5 - Sterling White Mother of Pearl Spanish Lace Ring ||	  SPECTACULAR, beautiful, breathtaking..........  Opened the package and WOW! This ring is gorgeous, very, very, eyecatching. About 1" long and 3/4" wide, an absolute "must have" for MOP lovers. <end>
 B0001X5BQE  Sterling Silver Gold Mother-of-Pearl Sun Pendant Necklace ||	  Sunshine & Silver  Wearing this gorgeous Gold Mother-of-Pearl Sun Pendant Necklace is like having your own miniature sun framed in shining silver rays ~ it seems to glow from within. There is a matching bracelet with 7 miniature glowing suns. <end>
 B0001Y0R80  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0001Y0RL2  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0001Y0SDY  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0001ZPWAM  X - Roderick Tenorio Southwestern Sterling 14-Karet Gold Unisex Band Ring ||	  Durable, Beautiful, Meaningful  Hello!I've had this ring since Roderick Tenorio first advertised on QVC on TV. This ring has last me about four years now, and going strong. I had a skin reaction with lots of turning green and peeling (allergic to nickel, I think- not sure), but after that initial discomfort, my finger has a nice little spot that shows I've had a ring on for quite a while.The ring itself is beautiful. Love it, love it. I work at a job where I'm always using my hands, and this ring hasn't even gotten scuffed up yet, which is incredible given what I've put it through. I can't praise it enough, and I feel naked without it. I still get compliments on it too! A truly beautiful piece. <end>  Perfect ring for a man or woman  Roderick Tenorio Southwestern Sterling 14-Karat Gold Unisex Band RingThis ring is of the highest quality and I would recommend it for a man or a woman, and even as a wedding band! <end>
 B0001ZVD0K  14k Yellow Gold 24 Inch X 1.5 mm Singapore Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Beautiful Gold Chain  Gold Chain was just beautiful. Looks much more expensive that I paid for it. I plan on ordering more in various lengths. <end>
 B0001ZVHLK  Claddaugh Adjustable Toe Ring - JewelryWeb ||	  is it really gold?  I bought this for my girl friend and she has worn it20 days now.....and the cheap thing snaped like cheap metal. It got snaged on the carpet and broke.....not bent but broke.... is it really gold? there is no stamp stating 14kt..........I want a refund or another one....... <end>  Darling Irish toe ring  I just recieved my 14k white gold toe ring......super fast shipping too. The ring is just too cute and such a terrific price! I would recommend this seller to anyone. A+++ <end>
 B0001ZVNKA  14k Yellow Gold 7 Inch X 3.0 mm Figaro Chain Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  A "MUST" Return  This 14K Yellow Gold 7 Inch x 3.0 mm Figaro chain bracelet felt like tin and had an unattractive bright yellow shine. It had the type of shine were I felt if the bracelet were larger I could clearly see my face in it. The edges of the bracelet were rough on the skin. So it went back in the box and was returned. I was a very disappointed customer. <end>
 B0001ZVVSE  14k Yellow Gold 20 Inch X .6 mm Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Not what I expected  Very very small diameter chain. Doesn't lie flat, twists and turns. I didn't return it because it seemed like a lot of trouble. Wore it once. <end>  14K Gold 20 inch chain  The chain is nice; however, the first time I put the chain on the O ring clasp fell off. I took the chain to my jeweler and had a lobster clasp put on it since I had a diamond pendant on the chain and did not want a chance of losing it. <end>
 B00020V2LO  Onyx 18k Gold over Sterling Silver Cameo Ring ||	  Great Product, great price, speedy service  This has to be one of the prettiest rings I own. I love cameos and this one is very nice. The little faux diamonds sparkle beautifully and nobody could miss it on your hand. It is very large, but also comfortable to wear. If you love large rings like i do, this is perfect. It covers the top part of my right hand pointer finger but does not go past the knuckle. It's a great price for a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  Face was not centered on black stone...it was low down..  I have seen almost identical rings to this one that are real that go for a couple of hundred dollars. So when I saw this for $20.00 I was thrilled. When I got it and opened the box it was immediately notable that the mother of pearl looking cameo face was very very off centered when glued on the black stone. It was lower than it should be. I will return this ring most likely. If it were centered it would be pretty but you can see a very slight glue edge. As I said for the price if the face were in the center I would keep the ring. Very disappointing. The shipping however was extremely fast and I liked the free cleaning cloth that was included. <end>
 B00021LLU0  Green Bay Packers Foam Cheese Earrings ||	  Big Cheese  Ordered these as a Christmas Present for my 78 year old mother who is a huge Packers fan. They didn't look nearly as big in the picture as they are and was very surprised when we got them and they were bigger than a silver dollar (product description does not include dimensions). Mom still liked them and plans on wearing them during the playoffs for as long as the Packers keep winning. Personally I think they are too big and should be about half this size, but Mom likes them. The quality of the material is good and they look just like the cheese head hats. They are light weight and good color. If you're planning on making a bold Big statement, then these are perfect. If you are just looking for cute cheese head earrings, they may be too big. <end>  If you need cheese earrings, get these!  These earrings were bigger than I expected (they're about 1.5 inches tall), but they certainly had the effect I was looking for! <end>  cute!  I purchased these earrings to wear with my mouse Halloween costume. I got stopped several times by people to have pictures taken and got lots of compliments on these unique earrings. They are pretty big exactly what I wanted to make a statement!! <end>  Love it  I bought this for my sister as a Christmas present and she loves it. Great gift for a Green Bay Packers fan! <end>  Something fun for my wife  In a word - BIG! My wife wanted some fun earrings to wear to work - she manages the cheese section of an upscale deli/market. I did not realize how large the foam cheese earrings were, but she liked them anyway. <end>  A fun exchange gift  These earrings are just what I wanted and were exactly as pictured. They were a fun gift to give. Thanks. <end>  huge  these are cute but they are huge! the earrings are attached in a way so that the cheese faces in a weird direction so i had to bend them to not stick out so far. <end>  They are ok!  We were disappointed in the quality of this earring. They did not sit right on our ear. The cheese piece did not meet our expectation of quality. I could not recommend this product to purchase  -( <end>  Gotta love the cheese  I ordered these as a Christmas gift. I was suprised how big they were. I was very happy with them and they were a big hit! <end>
 B000220DNA  18k White Gold Princess Cut Diamond Solitaire Earrings (1/2ct tw, I, SI2) ||	  Wonderful Husband  My wonderful husband bought these for me for Christmas and they are beautiful. I haven't taken them off since I got them. BTW, the screw back on these is thicker than normal earring posts so be ready for that. <end>
 B000220EZM  18k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/2ctw, I, SI2) ||	  Excellent!!!  I shopped quite extensively for a descent pair of diamond stud earrings and these are the best deal/quality I could find. I searched local jewlers and a lot of online shops and Amazon came out on top. I am very happy with them. They are very shiny and have excellent color to them! <end>
 B00022C6DU  14KWG Diamond SecureHoop hoop earrings Earrings ||	  Great! If they fit...  Good thing my wife has two sets of piercings on her ears, these would only fit on the outer ones. They are very small. Seriously... look at the picture. Look at the rod that goes through the ear. It's a normal sized (small) gauge. These are tiny earings. I'm serious. <end>
 B00022C7OI  1/4 Carat Channel Set Diamond Earrings in 14k Yellow Gold (with Safety Lock) ||	  Secure Hoop Diamond Earring  Great idea and nicly made. Diamonds good. Locks good, could be just a bit stronger, can feel some play in lock that should not be there, but they seem to be holding very well. Nice weight. Good price. <end>  Best earrings ever  Do you want super-comfortable earrings that look great with everything you wear? Then these are the earrings for you.If you're prone to yanking off earrings when you pull on a turtleneck sweater, these are the earrings for you.Sleep in them, shower in them, play soccer or snorkel while wearing them. These earrings stay put, and look great.I just wish they had some inlaid with Australian opals; I might be tempted to take the ones I'm currently wearing off long enough to try the opals. <end>
 B00022F4KW  Sterling Silver Flat Cuff Bangle Bracelet with Triquetra Celtic Knots 5/8 inch wide, ||	  Great Buy!  I purchased the Bangle as a gift for my mother. She LOVED it.It is thick and well crafted. Its made for a larger wrist. So if you have a small wrist it might over power your arm. Its about 3/4th of an inch wide at its widest point, also it has some weight to it.For anyone who is a silver and celtic jewelery fan, its a great buy for the price  ) <end>  Well worth the money!  I just bought this bracelet for my girlfriend's birthday and I am very pleased with the VERY quick shipping and the quality of the bracelet. Very thick and heavy and large sized, and beautiful sterling silver! <end>
 B00022G1SQ  CZ by the Yard Ankle Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  Beautiful ankle bracelet  This ankle bracelet is well worth the money.....nice quality! Sure to be a hit for yourself or a friend! <end>  I love it  This anklelet was definitely worth the price. It's so delicate and shiny. A lot of my friends have asked about it. <end>  Ankle Bracelet  Beautiful! Very delicate and the sparkle is subtle but eye catching. Wonderful addition to my jewelry collection. <end>
 B00022G3P2  Cubic Zirconia CZ One Carat Center Engagement Ring - Size 7.0 - JewelryWeb ||	  ellegant and well presented  not very often you find a beautiful and well presented ring that is still made the traditional way... highly recommended for anyone who is still in for traditional and ellegant style ring <end>
 B00022G884  Understated Figaro Ankle Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  NOT SATISFIED  THE BRACELET IS VERY PRETTY, BUT IS NOT AS THICK AS PICTURED. ITS PIC MAKES IT LOOK STURDIER BUT IT IS ACTUALLY VERY DAINTY. <end>
 B00022KK5G  18K Egyptian Jewelry Pendants - Key of Life (Ankh) ||	  exceptional jewelry  First of all, I received the pendant several days before the estimated date. I was immeditely amazed at the polish and shine of the 18K gold. It is higher quality 18K gold than you will find in even the high-end American jewelry stores. It appears to be hand made and has a curve to it that conforms to the body, as opposed to just being a flat piece. I am so delighted with it that I wear it literally every day. Furthermore, it comes in a tube with designs that any Egyptologist would appreciate. Inside the tube is a cartouche on genuine papyrus. <end>
 B00022KK5Q  18K Egyptian Jewelry Pendants - Key of Life (Ankh) w/ King Tut Head and two Cartouche ||	  My wife loved the pendant  It took to long to get and we thought we were never going to see the item but the company did stand behind it an did local the lost pendant <end>
 B00022TU20  10kt. White Gold, 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Wedding Set (Size 5) ||	  I love this wedding band  This was the wedding set that we were first married with. It is so pretty. The only problem is; I lost the top band. It is next to immpossible to buy a replacement. I have looked everywhere because I loved this ring so much. It is a custom fitted band. <end>
 B00022TU3O  10kt. White Gold, 1/4 ct. tw. Diamond Wedding Set (Size 8) ||	  I love this wedding band  This was the wedding set that we were first married with. It is so pretty. The only problem is; I lost the top band. It is next to immpossible to buy a replacement. I have looked everywhere because I loved this ring so much. It is a custom fitted band. <end>
 B00023JMXQ  Italian 1mm Sterling Silver 20" Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  great looking chain  This chain is very nice, sturdy. The price was wonderful. It came in a timely manner. Will purchase from this seller again. <end>  Pretty  The chain is very pretty and matched the site description exactly. Great value for the price! <end>
 B00023JMY0  Italian 1mm Sterling Silver 18" Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  Good Silver  I have metal alergies. There has been no irritation with this chain. Thank you for carring good quality silver products. <end>  Disappointing silver.  The picture of the box links made the item look sturdier than it actually is. And at 18 inches it doesn't seem to have much "drape" to it. Maybe my neck is thicker than it used to be, but 18 inches used to have some drape to it. <end>  Replaced and great!  I got this chain with a pendant. The pendant is great but the chain is not new. It has a silver wire connecting the clasp to the rest of the chain. I do not think this will do with the weight of the pendant. I hope that the company will assist me with this problem.Silver Insanity did replace the chain and its working out much better for me. The box chain is very sparkly and elegant. I like it. <end>
 B00023JOBQ  Sterling Silver Long Viking Battle Axe Charm Pendant ||	  Battleaxe Charm  This charm is abour an inch in lenght and very heavy.It has nice detail and a very nice luster to it.I would recommened it more for a man than a womanbut it will need a sturdy chain. <end>
 B00023JOM0  Sun Face Chain Threaders Dangling Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  great, but big  this cuff is really sweet, but it's way to big for my ear. i could wear it as a toe ring it's so huge! it is awesome though. <end>  Gorgeous  Silver Insanity always has just the perfect gift for others or for me. I love threaders but they're hard to find. Thanks for your wonderful array of products & prices! <end>  pretty but not practical in the long run  I bought one of these and I love the look! But I've noticed as the day goes on the earring wants to fly off and they are difficult to find once they have. I've tried several times to snug it up but it just doesn't work well. <end>  Love it!  This ear huggie is the greatest! I have owned other huggies and they tend to fall off even after I crimp them as hard as possible. I put it on a week ago, and haven't had to re-crimp all week.It is a nice alternative to having your ear permanently pierced. <end>
 B00023JP2O  Halloween Spider Web Sterling Silver Link Bracelet 7.5" ||	  Gothic Spider Web bracelet  Totally not my taste, but the recipient of this gift thought it was great! <end>
 B00023JP60  Heavy 3mm Sterling Silver 24" Inch Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Great service; nice chain  The chain is very nice; exactly as I expected. What I didn't expect was the extraordinary service. The chain arrived immediately, and with a nice black pouch in which to store the chain. Highly recommend Silver Insanity; I'll purchase from them again. <end>  Beautiful silver chain  The silver chain is beautiful, solid and looks great with modern pendants. It has a very secure and attractive lobster-claw clasp. I ordered it between Christmas and New Year's, and it arrived promptly the first week of Janaury. <end>
 B00023JP74  9mm Wide Sterling Silver 8" Double Link Chain Charm Bracelet ||	  Great buy!  I purchased this as a gift for my mother-in-law. I was very impressed with it's beauty when I opened the mailing package. It looked nice in the pictures but if was much nicer when I got to see it in person. It's also very thick and sturdy, which is always a plus. <end>  Good Decision  I had just purchased a sterling silver chain to accommodate an heirloom watch, when I spotted this bracelet. I had not planned to purchase another item, but am so glad I did. The bracelet is very beautiful. Cudos to the photography of both these sterling silver pieces, as the details were so clear that it was easy to make a choice. Both products looked exactly like I expected when received. <end>  Love it!  The chain arrived super quick. It looks exactly as pictured. Nice sturdy piece of jewerly, great for holding charms. I would purchase this again for myself or as a gift. <end>  good quality charm bracelet  I bought this as a wedding gift for my bride. I satisfied with the quality and it was beautiful. She also liked it and it was fit on her wrist. Thick, nice look, shiny, I am glad I didn't buy 6mm thin one. This is worth to buy. Recommend! <end>  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet  Beautiful bracelet.Very comfortable to wear.I wanted something that was sturdy but pretty and this bracelet fills the bill.It's very easy to wear and the length is perfect.I was afraid the double links would make it bulky and uncomfortable but it is suprisingly light.I wear it 24/7 and have had no problems with it so far.I haven't added any charms yet but plan to in the future.I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  Good Stuff  I bought this as a gift and it went over well.Its a bit longer than most others I saw andis not little girl-ish...Both things that were a plus for me.I would buy it again - if I was asked for asilver bracelet again. <end>  Beautiful....  Briefly, bought several of these sterling bracelets to make charm bracelets for my family with foreign coins we had saved from trips. The bracelets are heavy enough to support the coins. Love mine and my family members have comments how great these special memory bracelets are to them. <end>  Absolutley LOVED  I got the bracelet... i had brought one like it in 7" from a diffrnt company and while it was nice it was very light in weight.... but this one i got to act as a charm bracelet for charms that i already had... it was perfect... i like the fact that it actually feels like it has some weight... its not lil girlish... it looks very nice... i was very pleased with my purchase and it has the genuine sterling silver stamp on it.. i have washd dishes and everything with it on and it hasnt turned or lost its shine... <end>  supriseeee !!!!  I haven't had this bracelet for less then a month and I haven't even worn it its been in the lil bag ot came in and I went to put it on yesterday and it was gold ! Lol when I first got it it was silver and over the month it changed lol very odd . Other then that's its a very nice style but its for sure fake and not sterling silver as the seller stated . Its nice for a night out as just to accessorize  -/ not what I wanted it for . <end>
 B00023JP92  Sterling Silver Frog Green Aventurine Ball Pendant ||	  Adorable Frog Pendant  Very cute pendant. Unless one looks closely at it, it's not obvious that they're frogs. Goes well with casual jeans or Sunday finest. It did NOT come with a chain, but fortunately I had a silver chain already that I could use. I also bought the matching earrings. Good value for the price. <end>
 B00023JPA6  Victorian Style Framed Garnet Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Very cheap, nothing like the picture.  Ugh. I ordered these for my mother for Christmas, but now that I've received them, I'm going to the mall to get her something else. I would be embarrased to give these to her.The stone is MUCH smaller in the real thing that in the picture, and the body is more elongated, so the whole earing looks disproportionate. The working in the silver is shoddy, and the stone is hung badly and tilts down or twists around backwards. <end>  Save your money!!!  The stones look fake and the "silver" looks fake. Also, the stone is ridiculously small and is not nearly as large as it's shown in the picture. The picture is *VERY* misleading. The only reason I kept them was because they don't look terrible and they were a gift. <end>  my favorite earrings  I got these a couple of years ago and I realy like them. I've gotten many compliments on them. Mine look like they are very nice quality earrings. <end>
 B00023JPU6  Fairy Poison Locket or Prayer Box Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet 7.5" ||	  very dissatisfied!  i like the design on the bracelet but found the band to very flimsy and pliable. It wasn't what i expected. I thought because it's sterling silver that it would be as strong as my other bracelet...not the case at all. Also, the locket with time wouldn't latch onto the clasp. I'm truely disappointed. It's not worth the money unless you don't mind wasting money. <end>
 B00023JPYM  Good Fortune Magical Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  Definite Good Fortune  The day I the amulet arrived at my home, I received word that I had gotten a new job/transfer at my current workplace. The next day when I started wearing it, I received a raise.Switched chains with a Sterling Silver one. Piece is very heavy. <end>  It Brings Good Fortune!  I carry or wear this daily. Since owning this piece, I have experienced good fortune. <end>  power of the ages  This amulet is pretty powerful. It is so powerful, you will feel the "vibe" instantly. It is also very pretty and strong feeling. Definately made for the "long run" <end>  Waste of money.  I purchased this piece, just to see what would happen. I have not had any luck since buying it. It was a waste of money. <end>
 B00023JQ28  Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone and GARNET Earrings ||	  Pretty, But Uncomfortable  I love the look of these earrings. The size of the moonstone relative to the size of the garnet is nice. They dangle quite nicely, and I get many compliments on them. However, the staff - or loop, if you will - is a bit long in the back, and tends to poke my neck. If you are willing, or able, to overlook that fact, then these are great earrings. Quite elegant in appearance, and fun to wear!! <end>  Beautiful earrings!  I agree with the previous reviewer that the hook is large, but not TOO large and they work fine for me - I love them! <end>  SS Rainbw Moonstone and Garnet Earrings  These earrings were purchased as a gift but, when I received them they were so beautiful that I kept them. Every time I wear them I feel special and a little elegant. They were admirely priced as well. <end>  Beautiful Earrings!  I received these lovely earrings as a birthday gift from my out-of-state daughter, and Silver Insanity shipped them promply to me.If you love moonstones, you'll love these! They are very high quality!Now, I'm going to view Silver Insanity's other earrings and add some to my Christmas Wish List. Yay! <end>  Ear piece to large  The silver part that goes through my ear is to big around and to long. It hurt my ear trying to put it thru my ear and was to long also. The ear ring is real pretty but I can't wear them. <end>
 B00023JQ2I  Big Sterling Silver Celtic Filigree Cross Slide Pendant ||	  UNBELIEVEABLE!!!!!  You will not believe how heavy and thick this cross is. This is one of the most beautiful pieces I own. EVERYWHERE I go people comment on how beautiful it is, but then they hold it and can't believe how thick and heavy it is. I am very proud to wear something so well crafted. <end>
 B00023JQ32  10cttw Sterling Silver Deep Red Garnet Tennis Bracelet - 7" ||	  SS Victorian Red Garnet Bracelet  Absolutely gorgeous. Garnets are quite large and very clear. Silver work is very well done. Fits very well and is made well. <end>  Beautiful!  I got this for Christmas and it is so nice... much nicer than it looks in the picture (and it looks nice there).It's a very well made, expensive looking bracelet, the stones are clear and large and I get a lot of compliments on it. <end>  Awesome  Beautiful bracelet!!! I wasn't sure I would love it when I ordered it, but I am so glad I did. It's a great piece that looks like it would cost a lot more than it does. <end>
 B00023JQ3C  Cats Sterling Silver Kitty CAT Face Head Locket Pendant ||	  Perfect!!  Intricate detail in locket, and it really looks like a nice kitty cat face. My precious cat died after 17 years with me, and this locket is just the right size to put my kitty's pic in so I will always have her with me. Looks great on a long silver chain that I had. Love it! Perfect! <end>
 B00023JQ6O  Oval Genuine Rainbow Moonstone Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Beautifully made pendant!  The craftmanship of this pendant is wonderful; everything is lined up the way it should be. Nothing about it is a 'second' as can be found on the net. The silver is substantial, not thin and foil-like, and I get many compliments when wearing it. <end>  Wow! It's beautiful.  Wow! This pendant is much bigger and more beautiful than I expected. The picture doesn't do it justice. I love it. <end>
 B00023JQ78  2mm Sterling Silver 36" Snake Chain Necklace Italian ||	  Versatile jewelry  This necklace is beautiful. It looks good by itself and with pendants, charms, etc. <end>  Awesome, fast, accurate and reliable!  Sterling silver chain is excellent quality at a great price. Shipped within 24 hours and received faster than any other internet purchase. Would use again. <end>  very strong chain  I am very happy with this chain; it is strong enough to hold a heavy large cross without worrying about the chain breaking.Edit  I would not hang anything on this chain because it will twist the chain and create a permanent kink in the chain. minus 1star. <end>  Smaller in real life.  It looks real big in the picture but when I got it it was way too thin. And I returned it. <end>
 B00023JQ7I  Medieval Rainbow Moonstone Teardrop Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  medieval moonstone teardrop pendant  I don't wear jewlery, but always try to pick out gifts that are beautiful and unique(and within my price range!) This one is great, I didnt't know it would have such an amazing glow(couldn't really tell just how nice it was from the picture.) It has this mysterious glow... even under very low light. The shape and setting are also nice, a look that I don't beleive will ever go out of style. Will look great with anything... I can't stop looking at this one! Will be ordering more from this store in the future. The standard shipping isn't as fast as I am used to but still took less than a week. <end>  Beautiful, well-crafted pendant  I purchased this pendant for my daughter as a gift. This lovely pendant has become her very favorite piece of jewelry. She is an apparel-study major and has an eye for high fashion. My daughter pairs this beautiful accessory with numerous outfits, both dressy and casual. <end>  Better than the picture  I bought this pendant primarily bec I have earrings that I wanted to match up with it. The moonstone is very beautiful and has a hint of fire. It is actually nicer than my earrings which I love. The piece is the perfect size, not too big and not small at all. It fits easily on most any size chain and has a good heft, not cheap at all. The item came quickly and I am very happy with it. It looks beautiful. <end>
 B00023JQ7S  Silver-Tone and Pewter Gothic Dragon Skull Crystal Pendant Amulet Necklace ||	  Yeah!  A very pretty necklace that arrived in a ridiculously short time. I was very pleased. <end>  Stunning!!  Picture doesn't do it justice. The pendant is worthy of a heavier and nicer chain, but no fault of Silver Insanity. This piece is gorgeous!! I love doing business with this vendor. <end>
 B00023JQ96  Nordic DOLPHIN TRISKILIAN Celtic Knot Pendant Necklace ||	  like it  I purchased this necklace for my daughter, she wears it every day, the pendant is very nice, the chain it came on is cheaply made it turn copper color. (fast shipping) <end>  this product seemed like it was done in a home garage.  this product seemed like it was done in a home garage.. it's not as advertised. if you were this product people will think that you made this in your own home. <end>  Good looking necklace  Really liked this necklace, was a birthday gift from my uncle. I wear it all the time, in fact, I am wearing it now. Great gift. <end>  fast shipping  not as shiny as i had hoped but still a nice piece of jewelry for dolphin lovers <end>  Nice but a little cheappy-made looking  The picture shows it as a little bit more shiny than it really is. But maybe for the price, it pays off. Nice but don't expect too much on quality. <end>  Nordic Pendant  I absolutely LOVE,LOVE,LOVE this pendant. I recieve many compliments whenever I wear it, from both men and women.I purchased a different chain to wear it on. <end>  Dolphin necklace  This product shipped promptly. It is beautiful. The quality is even nicer than represented online. <end>
 B00023JQIM  2mm Sterling Silver 18" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Great chain, good value  I love ball chains and I think that they are hard to find. I was very pleased when I found them on Amazon and very pleased when the 2 I ordered arrived. Very nice quality. Arrived quickly. <end>
 B00023JRNG  Sterling Silver Oval Rainbow Moonstone Toggle Bracelet Adjustable 7" ||	  LOVE IT!!!  This toggle bracelet is BEAUTIFUL!!! The moon stones are AMAZING and I can't stop looking at them. The moon stones change color and hue as the lighting and your surroundings change. The whole thing is EXACTLY what I was looking for! It is by far my favorite bracelet I have ever owned. I LOVE LOVE LOVE it!!!! The quality is great too. I can't tell you how refreshing it is to get a bracelet that the little circle links have been welded to themselves, so that they can't open under pressure and you loose the bracelet. LOVE IT!!! <end>  Sterling Silver Rainbow Moonstone Bracelet  Beautiful iridescent stones and intricate silver work. Fits very well and the clasp is easy to work. Very well made. <end>
 B00023JSBM  Dogs Sterling Silver Loud Figural Dog WHISTLE Pendant ||	  Beautiful and Useful  I use this whistle to call 2 very active English Setters (as pretty as this whistle). It's small so a bit harder to use than a purely functional whistle, but since I was wearing a whistle full time it's much nicer to wear and does the trick.Has a nicer sound than some inexpensive whistles I've bought, just takes practice getting my lips set "just so" to get the best sound. Does exactly what is is designed to do.Still wearing, using and enjoying this whistle in 2011. I wear it as jewelry and use it almost every day on walks with the dogs. Lots of complements and lots of good use. <end>  Sterling Dog Whistle  I bought this for my mother-in-law (a dog lover) to get the attention of our 8 year old twins when they are out of shouting distance. It works great! Loud, sharp whistle with a stylish look. <end>
 B00023JSKI  Sterling Silver Celtic Knotwork Chain and Bar Cufflinks ||	  Beautiful!  These cufflinks were beautiful! They complimented my husband's tux very well, and they were very easy to use. They were a nice weight also. <end>  sliver celtic knotwork chain and bar cufflink  They were at an excellent price and I received and email in a short time after ordering them that they were in stock and on their way to me. I received them in the mail on Christmas Eve day so they made an excellent present to myself. Thank you <end>
 B00023JSLW  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Celtic Knot 7.5" Inch Bracelet ||	  ok  this bracelet is beautiful, however, i thought it would be a little more sturdy since it is sterling silver, it seems a little flimsy. <end>
 B00023JSM6  Irish Celtic Knot and Flag of Ireland Medallion Sterling Silver Pendant with 20" Chain Necklace ||	  amazing buy!  I could not believe the quality of this bracelet for the price. It has four nice size garnets, linked with delicate but strong Celtic knot work. It's not too small either. I hate bracelets that are hard to fastening because there is play in them. The quality is such you would expect to pay twice there easily for this wonderful bracelet. I have already given on away as a thank you present. <end>
 B00023JT3Y  Sterling Silver Reversible Black Onyx and Mother of Pearl Slide Pendant ||	  MOP LOVED IT  This was a great piece, the duality of the slide is just what I was looking for - though I didn't know I was looking for it. Glad I was able to add this piece to my collection. Solid construction, nice weight, the stones appear to be quality. Recommended for personal satisfaction! <end>  Love this pendant- great Gift item  This was a gift purchase that I was thrilled to give. I was so pleased with the workmanship of the pendant and the recipient was delighted.This is a substantial piece with some weight. The silver workmanship is very well done and the stones smooth and unblemished. I really like that the pendant is reversible so it is like 2 Pendants in one. I also ordered the neckchain from this same company. It is a perfect pair.I am looking at purchasing several more of these for wonderful gifts for the Holidays. AT this price point they are very affordable and look like a much more expensive piece of jewelryVery very pleased with this purchase and the items arrived promptly. <end>  So much beauty and versatility in such an inexpensive Pendant  I purchased this pendant to go with the Turquoise/Lapis model to give my wife four different looks in only two pendants. It worked too. The stone quality is lovely, the bail is large enough to slide a good sized chain through (and you will have to purchase a seperate chain as one is not included - I recommend the 16 inch Italian Sterling Silver Snake chain from Silver Insanity as great match) and not over large or small. It looks far more expensive tha it costs. A great deal. <end>  Black Onyx  Received this as a gift but off course I had it in my wish list at Amazon Just love it <end>  My Mom loved it!  This pendant was very impressive. The mother of pearl side was stunning, and the black onyx side was the perfect counter point. <end>  Present for my mom  Was looking for a nice present for my mother, and decided for this pendant since she loved jewelry. This piece is gorgeous! The picture in here does not show how beautiful this pendant is. She loves it and whenever she wears it she receives lots of compliments. <end>  Elegant Pendant  I have a collection of pendants with various types of stones. I love them all but I absolutely adore this one. I bought mine about a year ago and I wear it all the time. It is one of my absolute favorites because it goes with just about anything and both sides are beautiful.It looks much like it does in the picture. It does not come with a chain but those can be bought cheaply. I personally recommend pairing this with a 24" chain because the length is perfect (I bought theSterling Silver 1.5 mm Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain 24 inch Necklace). It falls just above the cleavage line - perfect for low-cut tops, or even for wearing over a nice blouse. <end>  No sterling silver marking directly on the pendant  As far as I can see, there is no sterling silver marking of any sort on this pendant. I don't see an "S" or circled "S" or a "925" or anything like that. It would be tricky to put the marking on but this could have been perhaps been done on the bale or else on the sides in the scrolling somewhere.I am not implying that the pendant is not sterling silver as represented. But if it's important that your jewelry pieces be individually marked, this pendant may not be for you. There was a tiny Sterling Silver paper tag that came with the pendant though.I will pull this review or revise it in the event that someone can point out where exactly the marking is on this pendant. With a magnifying glass, I was unable to see it anywhere. I did not test the metal with any of the metal testing kits out there. <end>
 B00023JT6Q  Antiqued Sterling Silver Marcasite Pillbox Pill Box ||	  Snazzy, femine pill box  The pill box was very nice. It had intricate designs on the top and was nice and heavy, I had brought it as a gift and had to return it because it was too small for the giftee's pills.The return policy was excellent. <end>
 B00023JT84  New Sterling Silver Frog Dark AVENTURINE Frogs Earrings ||	  These are great for the frog lover.  Gave these to my niece for Christmas. She loves frogs, and they were a BIG hit. <end>
 B00023JT8Y  Sterling Silver Marcasite Cascading Heart Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings!  My daughter bought these earrings for herself, and they look awesome on her. The quality of the silver and marcasite is first-rate and they hang perfectly on her ears. Thank you for a quality product at a reasonable price! <end>
 B00023JTC0  2mm Sterling Silver 22" Inch Box Chain Italian Necklace ||	  generous weight  this necklace is gorgeous. i am surprised at the heft to this. very generous amount of silver. also 2mm plus a bit. beautiful workmanship. i got this to hold my pendants because you usually get a chain with them that you can barely see but this is big enough to be worn alone. i am so happy. thank you. <end>  Mom  I love this chain,my 1 yr old have broken 4 chains before this one!This chain is strong and has withstand my little boy )I love the look of it and the weight.Shipping was great,it was very fast!!!MOM <end>
 B00023JTSO  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Rose Quartz Heart Earrings ||	  Love these earrings!  Love these, I've received alot of complements on them. I had feared that they would be heavy, but they are not at all. <end>
 B00023JU4M  Sterling Silver Fantasy Fairy with Genuine Rose Quartz Healing Stone Pendant ||	  Beautiful  This is the perfect size. I've been looking for rose quartz fairy and shazzam! Perfect! <end>
 B00023JUEC  18" Sterling Silver 1mm Round Omega Chain Necklace ||	  Nice but fragile.  I purchased this to go with the silver and black pendant http //www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/B00023JTAM/ref=pd_ys_iyr3/103-2293436-8105424?%5Fencoding=UTF8&v;=glanceand it looks great! I am very carefull with it but the chain necklace can easily be bent and that will cause a bend in the chain. but, thats common for lots of styles of chain.Overall it wears well and I have gotten several compliments on it. <end>  Great Quality for a Great Price  I sell jewelry including pendant and sterling chain combinations. I bought one of these since the price was reasonable and the quality looked good....I was not disappointed. Along with a handcrafted pendant, it was sold to a very satisfied customer. I am purchasing two more because the 18" omega is diffcult to find in my area.My only complaint would be that the shipping could have been more carefully done, though everything did arrive in good condition. I am hoping it will be more secure with this order... <end>  Very Poor Quality  This is the poorest quality snake chain I have ever owned. It gets bent too easily; I had to throw it away after only a couple months! I later purchased a replacement at a crafts fair for $6. Don't waste your money on this thing. <end>  Beautiful!  Bought this as a gift for my Mom and she loves it. Great quality, and good for anyone who has moles on their neck... Mom has a couple small ones, but this chain doesn't pinch or pull them, and most other styles do. Seller shipped as promised, no issues. I would buy from them again. <end>  like this chain  Purchased as a gift. Chain is quite stiff, most likely the nature of the style, with which I was unfamiliar. Looks nice. Very short. Fits almost like a choker on a small framed indidividual. <end>  It's beautiful  It's a very nice quality chain, I'm glad I didn't go cheap because this was worth the $20. It's very elegant with any charm I add to it. <end>  great price for this chain  I purchased this chain with a Phoenix pendant and it was the perfect size. It went great with the Pendant and it doesn't look cheap, not a big fan of OMEGA chains but I have to say this is a really nice one. <end>  Lovely  This necklace is strong enough to hold substancial pendants without making itself a focal point. Would definitely buy again, especially at this price. <end>  Good value  I ordered two 18" sterling silver 1mm round omega chain necklaces. They arrived on schedule and were exactly as pictured. They're perfect for pendants or beads with small holes/bales. <end>  My wife LOVES THIS!!!!  This necklace is firm and holds its rounded shape. It's a cool idea but not what I expected. Thanks for the fast shipping. <end>  Cord  The cord is sturdy and nice. I have had mine for almost a year now and it is not tarnished at all. Which is wonderful because I shower in it and all. However, after wearing it for a long period of time the cord starts to bend and curve, it isnt always comfortable. <end>  Beautiful 18" Sterling Silver Omega Chain Necklace  This is a quality piece. I wear it with many different pendants. I love it and it was a great value as well. <end>
 B00023JULA  Large Sterling Silver Open Marcasite Heart Brooch Pin ||	  lovely pin  This is a lovely pin. It is well made. It is a good size, not too big or too small. It will give you that dressy touch with out being over bearing. <end>
 B00023JUNI  Sterling Silver Teardrop Red GARNET Marcasite Earrings ||	  surprising  These were quite nice which is surprising considering they cost me only about $10. I purchased another pair of earrings from another supplier for twice the price and these where alot nicer. <end>  beautiful!  these earrings are to die for! i bought these for a friend of mine and they are stunning!!! No one will believe what you paid for them, they look really elegant!!!! <end>  Very nice  These are really beautiful, the metalwork is very detailed and the stones are nice. I only gave it 4 stars because one of them is slightly crooked, it faces slightly outward while the other faces forward. It's not a big difference, though. <end>  garnet earring  these are beautiful earrings that fit well with a necklace and ring I purchased through Amazon.They have an antique feel to them. I . get many compliments on them as a set.. <end>  Earrings  Great Xmas present bought 5 pair this was the oly pair I had to buy a gift box for. It was in a plastic baggie in a box. <end>  Too many issues.  I accidentally fell asleep with these on and they tore My ear because the backings are not tight at all. I tossed the awful, sharp backings that the earrings come with and took some earring stabilizers off another set of earrings I have and now they aren't loose and they don't hang.If you don't know what an earring stabilizer looks like, here is a link to some Earring Stabilizers - 3 PairsConsidering the weight and length of these earring, they really should come with earring stabilizers instead of the tiny backings currently included.Aside from the issues with the backings, the posts of the earrings are crooked. Probably due to them being shipped in a plastic bag with no protection. I am also a bit worried that at any point a garnet will fall out because the setting is loose. For now, they sit in My jewelry box until I decide what to do with them.For the trouble and the price, I wouldn't buy these and I'm glad I didn't. They were a gift.*After reading a review about how someone got these for "about $10", I think they're also a rip-off. Seems everyone saying "no one will believe what you paid for them." gave the sellers the idea to jack up the price to a more "believable" one. <end>  garnet earrings  Beautiful, larger and dressier than I expected. When I received them the posts where slightly bent, may have been due to shipping.The Garnets are a beautiful deep red. <end>  great value  These are high quality earrings with nice detail, very attractive and a great value. I usually wear them with jeans and heels but they would be fine for dressier occasions. One of my better jewelry buys. <end>  Love these earrings!  I got these along with another pair of Silver Insanity earrings and they are lovely! They're a little smaller than the photo shown, but they still go with my darker, more nightwear kind of clothing. Both of my pairs of earrings arrived a few days early and I had no issue with the color of the stone or the bend of the metal. They look perfect. I can't wait for an excuse to wear them out. <end>  Gorgeous!  These earrings are absolutely beautiful! The ones I purchased looked exactly like the ones on the photo, even down to the brown tone of the garnet stones -- which is to be expected from some garnets. I am giving these as a gift, but now I want a set of my own. <end>  beautiful but noticeable flaws  I purchased these because I inherited a garnet silver bracelet from my great grandmother and the metal detailing on these earrings is similar. I was excited about receiving these and even more thrilled when they arrived days before expected. They are stunning. However; if you hold these in direct sunlight, the stones look brown. Also, if you view them from the side, each earring is bent in what looks like an accident. I bought a ring from this company too and with the earrings and ring, i can wear my family bracelet (which is antique) and people think they were bought together.Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Garnet Ring (Size 5,6,7,8,9) <end>  Garnet Earrings  Garnet earrings are exactly as detailed in pictures and go perfectly with my Garnet cross for my Renaissance dress. <end>
 B00023JV46  Sterling Silver Sewing Notions Charm Earrings for Tailor or Seamstress ||	  excellant earrings  Just as pictured, but even better in person,beautiful detailed 3-D charms. not life size of course as hanging from ears but cute as can be for anyone with a passion for sewing.Excellent value for sterling 3-d beautifully detailed earrings. <end>  Sterling Silver Sewing Notions Charm Earrings for Tailor or Seamstress  These earrings are absolutely gorgeous and I love them. The only thing I was disappointed about was that they don't have any keepers on the back to keep them from coming out of your ear and losing them. I lost one within an hour of putting them on, and was absolutely devastated. It would be great if you could rectify this problem.Thankyou, Anne Williams <end>  great detail  This was a gift for my tailor sister-she was delighted! This was an unique item and perfect for my sister. <end>
 B00023JV8W  Sterling Silver Detailed Dragon on Genuine Black Onyx Slide Pendant ||	  More Lusterious Than The Photo Shows  It looks very nice. The photo looks just a bit more 3D than the pendant but the pendant looks more brightly polished than the photo. I got the recommended 2mm silver popcorn chain after perusing chains. I'm not a big jewelry wearer but when I do it has to be mostly silver or black and never gold. I like wearing a necklace with a pendant many days and like things that are dark or pagan (and it helps counter the gold crosses I see at work lol). <end>  Absolutely Magnificent  The item arrived a day before amazon's expected date of arrival and two days before silver insanities earliest expected date. The product is absolutely beautiful. The craftsmanship on it is amazing. The picture does not do it justice. The other review of this product kind of made me hesitant to purchase this product, but now that I have, I cannot describe how great it looks on the silver chain. <end>  LOVED!  I REALLY LIKE THIS , LOOK LIKE A HEART SHAPE ,THERE IS A CUTE LOOKING DRAGON , LOVED IT! <end>
 B00023JWH2  GOLDSTONE Silver Pentacle Pentagram Locket Pendant ||	  Kind of sucky  The locket doesn't close and the stone falls out. Very disapointed in it. If it worked correctly then it would be a cute piece to wear, but I'll have to solder it shut if I want to wear it. Blah. <end>
 B00023JWKO  Sterling Silver Black Onyx and Mother of Pearl Reversible Spinning Pendant ||	  Beautiful. But...  The pendant itself is just lovely, and I had great service from Silver Insanity. But...To reverse from onyx to Mother of Pearl, the stone actually rotates _within_ the framework of the pendant, rather than reversing simply by flipping the whole thing over. Really, it's a neat idea, but it doesn't work very well in practice. The stone rotates so freely that nearly any movement at all can set it to turning, and it often stops mid-flip, with neither onyx nor Mother of Pearl showing entirely. Instead, it's often the silver frame that shows, with a sliver of white and black on top and bottom. How unfortunate for an otherwise lovely necklace!Once I determine how best to stop the free spinning, I'll be very happy with it. <end>  Pretty good for price  2 pendants for the price of one, shiny and nice. Although it seems to only want to stay on the white side. Would that side be heavier? Whenever I wear the black..flips over to the white constantly. Didn't let that devalue my star rating, however, as they ship quickly, secure packaging and the items are quality. <end>  too small  the pendant is much smaller than I expected,because it's so small and thick, it's hard for it to stay on one side,it will roll over,I will recommend other people don't choose this one,instead of another rectangle one,also has black onyx and mother of pearl reversible pendant,I brought that piece one in turquoise and lapis,another is carnellian one,they are much more beautiful than this one,big and bold. <end>  Exactly what I wanted!  I have a friend who has one in a different style and was excited when I found one that I could buy. It's perfect. I found a long chain and have worn it several times. I'm satisfied with the puchase and would do busines with the seller again in a heartbeat. <end>
 B00023JWYA  Unique Sterling Silver Opal Glass and Purple Amethyst Pendant ||	  No like the picture  I was extrememly unhappy with this necklace. The picture on-line makes it look beautiful with light shining thru the amethyst (ha, looks like cut glass not real amethyst!)/Even putting it up to the natural light it looked dull/fake/plastic. I emailed and got a reply I would get a full discount just mail it back. Well, I mailed it back with insurance costing $6.55 after already paying shipping to have it sent to me. Because I feel it was NOT advertised in a 'correct light' I asked for my shipping back for both charges and disputed the charge with my credit card company. The refund from Amazon was only the cost of the necklace with neither shipping charge. I am still going to dispute the the shipping charges because this jewelry did NOT look like it did on the website. <end>  Pretty but cheap  Yes this necklace is lovely, but it is extremely cheap. Less than 24 hours after I recieved it the opal fell out. I honestly don't even think it's real silver. It tarnished very quickly, and I had to gorrila glue the opal back in, and that helped it hold. Other than those it was a beautiful necklace and I got many compliments on it. <end>  Very nice  Contrary to the experience of the other reviewer, my pendant looks just like the picture. That is, the picture of the pendent at an angle, not the other one. I get compliments on this piece every time I wear it. <end>
 B00023JWZO  Sterling Silver Scottish Celtic Knot Emerald-Green CZ Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Beautiful piece and well-priced!  I am very pleased with this ring. Have had it approximately one year and have received many compliments. Its size is perfect and not once has it tarnished in the length of time I've owned and worn it. Very, very satisfied! <end>  Perfect in every way  I received this ring a week ago, three days after ordering. The stone is a bright nice shade of green, like in the picture. I ordered a size 6, and it fits the finger intended perfectly. I believe I've fallen in love! <end>
 B00023JX80  3mm Sterling Silver 22" Marina or Anchor Open Box Chain Necklace ||	  perfect  another beautiful chain from this company. so shiny and well crafted. i have never gotten any chain less than perfect from them. i will continue to buy my chains here and love the quality and the prices. thanks. <end>  Beautiful!  This necklace was purchased to put a heavy elephant charm on,and it worked out perfectly! The charm is pretty big and heavy, and this necklace looks gorgeous with it! It's my fave! <end>  Great Product!!  This necklace is absolutely beautiful. The clasp can be difficult to operate by yourself. I received it a lot faster than I realized it would arrive. I can't wait to see the look on my bf's face when he opens the package! <end>
 B00023JXZ8  Sterling Silver Draping Red GARNET Cascading Necklace ||	  good for petite women  This necklace is MUCH smaller than it looks. I don't have a particularly thick neck, but it fastens around mine like a choker, making the last two beads stand straight up.If you are a petite woman with a thin, delicate neck, I think this necklace would look beautiful on you. If you are average or plus sized, stay away. <end>
 B00023JYDE  Sterling Silver Nouveau Winged Dancing Fairy Earrings ||	  Sterling Fairy earrings  Beautiful dangle earrings. Excellent gift item for a great price. Everyone who sees me wearing them asks me where I got them. I have given them for gifts numerous times with happy reviews. All the women in my family and extended family have a pair. All of us wear them regularly. <end>  Awesome earrings  Loved these earrings from the moment I saw them. It only got better when I received them. Received many compliments when I wore them. <end>  fairy earrings  i got what i expected ,these earrings are vey easy going,light and comfortable . <end>
 B00023JYXO  Sterling Silver Kittens on Amethyst Gemstone Kitty Cat Earrings ||	  Kitten with Amethyst - Beautiful Item  I love cats and amethyst and when I happened upon these earrings I thought they just shouted my name. When they arrived they were so much nicer than the picture showed (and it was a pretty good picture). They are whimsical and beautiful. <end>  Cute, but ...  I love cats, and my favorite color is purple so I was happy to find these - and they were reasonably priced.It would have been soooo much better if the kittens on the earrings were made to face each other (one facing left, one facing right) rather than both pointed in the same direction. I like symmetry and balance. What you don't see in the item photo is the hole in the center of the Amethyst Stone. One of the cats almost covers it, the other is farther up on the stone, making the hole more noticeable. If you are particular about things like this, you may want to write and ask for a better photo of the earrings that will be shipped.I took some digital photos to show the difference, but so far I don't see them posted. <end>
 B00023JZFQ  Sterling Silver Smooth Classic Heart Locket Pendant with 18" Snake Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful classic locket  Very nice locket. The one I purchased does not look as smooth as the photo -- it's more "heart-shaped" 3-dimensionally, which I think is prettier. The bail is scalloped like in the photo; I kind of think a smooth-edged bail would be nicer. The smooth, polished finish extends to the substantial inside edge of the locket, then the interior seems to have a nice brushed-like finish. The edge inside should hold photos well. The hinge is visible, but it seems a little less obvious than the one in the photo. It appears to be fairly durable, but only time and use will tell. I am giving this as a gift, so ultimately I won't know. It's a pretty locket, and I would consider buying this again as a gift or for myself. <end>  My daughter just love it...  My 13 year old daughter has ben wanted a locket and when she saw this one, was love at first sight. She is enjoying her necklace. Is so adorable on her. <end>  Beautiful  Ordered these as a christmas present for my step-daughters. We had them engraved, on the front "Daddy's Girl" and on the back their first initial. The engraving came out very nicely. I'm sure the girls will love them. It's great quality and the necklace is beautiful! <end>  Nice little gift  Makes for a nice little gift. Size is a bit small, which means that it requires very small pictures to fit in the inside. <end>  With a spec of work it's really nice  I bought it for my girlfriend. It was a little discolored when it came out of the box, but I took it to a jeweler and he cleaned it up with steam. I didn't like the necklace it came with so i bought another one to go with it. Now it's great, she wears it almost everyday. <end>  It's nice but doesn't like a sweaty body.  I use this locket to carry an aspirin, for medical reasons. Unfortunately, I sweat a lot and the moisture gets into the locket, melts the aspirin, and the locket corrodes. Not good! So I've resorted to removing the chain and carrying the locket in my pocket. That seems to work ok. So I would not advise it for carrying any kind of pill if you wear it around your neck. <end>
 B00023JZHY  Sterling Silver Simple Victorian Red Garnet Necklace ||	  This pleased a teenager!  Have NEVER been able to buy the "right" gift for teenage niece but she was THRILLED with this simple jewelry containing her birthstone ... <end>
 B00023K082  Double Dragon Celtic Knotted Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Very Beautiful Piece  This is one of the very first pieces of Celtic jewelry I purchased. I am extremely pleased with the quality and detail of this pendant, and have had many comments on it. VERY NICE PIECE!!!! <end>  Celtic Dragons  This item was received in the timeframe promised, and is of beautiful workmanship. It is a solid silver piece, giving it some weight, which helps it lay nicely on the chain. Very unique design. The dragons are not obvious, so it's a conversation piece once you point them out. <end>  Very nice piece!  I bought this pendant as a gift for my boyfriend and he loved it. It works well for a male or female. A beautiful and unique piece for dragon lovers! Solid construction with nice detail. <end>  Beautiful!  My favorite celtic pendant! Just the right size and made of good quality. I get compliments every time I wear it. <end>  A unique expression of an ancient artform  A few weeks back I'd dropped a Celtic knot pendant I had down the drain and had despaired of ever getting it back. I went online to look for a replacement in the same configuration and found everything but. After much looking I came across this double dragon Celtic knot pendant and decided to purchase it. Long story short - I did get my original pendant back but have enjoyed wearing this one even more. The workmanship is very good, especially for the price, and it never fails to get compliments from other Celtic aficionados. <end>  An excellent piece  I received this as a present from my girlfriend. It's a very well designed piece and, as others have noted, it is very solid. It did not come with a chain, but we put it on a heavier silver chain with its own Celtic design. <end>  Love this piece  I received this piece for christmas this year off of my wish list. I love it. I put it on a long silver chain and have worn it ever since. As a girl from Scotland living in the US I enjoy wearing all my celtic jewelry and this is a piece that I will enjoy for a long time. <end>  Great Necklace  The Double DRAGON Celtic Knotted Sterling Silver Pendant is a beautiful pendant and is very much worth the price. It is heavier than some pendants so it will hang correctly from any chain you put it on. Thanks.Mrs. L. Davis <end>  Beautiful piece.  It was even more beautiful than what was shown in the display picture. My friend absolutely loved it. <end>  Dragon Celtic Knot Pendant  Absolutely beautiful piece of jewelry. I bought it for a young man as a birthday gift and he has worn it every day since! Unique and eye-catching! <end>
 B00023K09Q  Classic Sterling Silver Marcasite Cross Hook Earrings ||	  Excellent quality at an excellent price  I love these earrings. They are very comfortable, and I have received a number of compliments on them. <end>  absolutely beatiful  I love my earrings, they were the perfect size. They dont come with posts but they have never once come out of my ears. I have gotten many compliments on them. Great buy, I recommend them highly. <end>  Classic Sterling Cross Earings  I was looking for something for my mother and came across the Sterling earings. When I received them I was happy that I orderd them. They are well made as well as elegant. <end>  Sterling Silver Marcasite Cross Earrings  Marcasite is a rich, classy looking design which I love. I have gotten so many complements on these earrings I purchased a pair for my nephew's wife.You can not go wrong with this product.Highly recommended for anyone. <end>  Beautiful earrings!  Well, this made my mother's day during her birthday. She always wanted cross-shaped earrings and she could never find them, and I just found precisely what she was looking for, for she was really excited with them. They are sterling silver and have some "minerals" (marcasite) encrusted on them. They are small yet nice-looking. Highly recommend them. <end>
 B00023K0OQ  Sterling Silver Double Rainbow Moonstone Pendant ||	  beautiful piece  i recently purchased this item from silver insanity and i am quite pleased with it. the pendant is a nice size and very well crafted. i am looking forward to wearing it for years. the only reason i am not giving it 5 stars is that the larger piece of moonstone was visibly flawed. it is not something that would be considered damaged (the stone is whole and smooth) but it does detract from the beauty of the piece. i have a piece of amythist that has large flaws running thru it that are visually stimulting. such is not the case here. the larger stone looks "dead" in places. just something to keep in mind. all in all i think this was a good purchase. shipping was very speedy, too, especially for around the holidays. <end>
 B00023K0P0  Detailed Sterling Silver Dragon on Genuine Amethyst Slide Pendant ||	  Sterling Dragon pendant  It is exactly as pictured and perfect for what I wanted, well made, good detail sturdy without being too heavy <end>  Great Necklace  Got this for my wife as a present, she loves it. If you've got one of those special girls who is into fun geeky stuff like fantasy, Tolkien, D&D, etc - this makes a nice present. <end>
 B00023K0Q4  Sterling Silver Large Wide Floral Marcasite Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Sterling Silver ring  The ring fits true to size. The craftsmanship is beautiful, very exquisite looking. The price was worth it.Has not tarnished or left any markings on my skin. The band does not bend, the metal is not soft and keeps its shape. <end>  Great Buy  I have ordered several peices of jewelry from this company and everything has been a great deal and well worth what I paid for it. I will be shopping with them again. <end>  Beautiful but. . .  Nice ring of course or I wouldn't have bought it. . . But it was way overpriced.Wow... way over priced for the quality <end>  Lovely!  I bought this ring some time ago and still adore it. It's dramatic & artsy with just a little sparkle. Comfortable to wear. Durable. And you wouldn't believe how many folks have remarked how much they like it over the years. Great purchase - you'll love it. <end>  Beautiful  I love this ring. I got it for my Mom for Christmas and she fell in love with it.It feels very comfortable on the finger, because its flat. It looks like lace, very special ring, by the way it extends the appearance of your fingers. You will love it. <end>
 B00023K0ZK  Sterling Silver Moveable 3D Country Outhouse Earrings ||	  Cute gift  My sister wore these the next day to work. they are cute and non offensive,unlike my sister. <end>  really cute ear rings  I love the fact that these are sterling silver. We have metal allergies in my family. When you open the door, the little man falls out of the outhouse. Really cute. <end>  Silver Outhouse Earrings  These are the cutest earrings, designed for those with a sense of humor. They are well made and let you express your wild side. They arrived in less than a week. I recommend these for anyone who needs a lift or a laugh. <end>  Old memories  These bring back memories of cold nights when we had to take that walk to the out house. [and make you THANKFUL that those days are over] <end>
 B00023K1J0  Sterling Silver Fantasy Fairy / Faery Pixie Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Fairy Pixie Ring  I found it to be exactly as described only much more attractive in person. A great little ring that catches others eyes making it an adorable conversation piece.Great buy for the money. <end>  Fairy Pixie Ring  I found it to be exactly as described only much more attractive in person. A great little ring that catches others eyes making it an adorable conversation piece.Great buy for the money. <end>
 B00023K1JA  Sterling Silver Fantasy Fairy / Faery Pixie Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Fairy Pixie Ring  I found it to be exactly as described only much more attractive in person. A great little ring that catches others eyes making it an adorable conversation piece.Great buy for the money. <end>
 B00023K1UO  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Garnet Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  In rebuttle in previous review about ring turning your finger green...  Actually, the fact that the ring turned your finger green PROVES that it is sterling silver. Most jewlery is covered with a Rhodium stain that prevents the reaction some people have with sterling silver jewelry causing a greenish hue to be left on skin afterwards. However, the stain is expensive, so if you buy fairly inexpensive silver jewelry, you can't expect it to be there. The good thing is that clear nail polish on the inside of the silver item works almost as well, and will prevent you from getting the green stains. I have the same problem with silver and it's what I do with all my stuff, works really well. <end>  beautiful  very nice looking and perfectly dainty ring loved the color of the stone and the thickness of the materials used to make it <end>  Broken Stone  The ring is beautiful.. This company is crap. Who sells a ring with the garnet stone with a chuck of it missing? Pitiful. If I had noticed it earlier, I would have petitioned for my money back. <end>  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Garnet Ring  I really like the ring. It lives up to my full expectations. It made a great gift. Customer service and delivery were outstanding! <end>  does not look like the picture  I love that this ring matches my great grandmother's antique garnet bracelet but one drawback is that the metal work, while gorgeous, is two toned. I don't know how to describe it. Halfway through the detailed part of the band it has bright silver work and then it has the silver metal work with a blackened background. I wish that all of the metalwork had the blackened background because it looks more antique that way and it matches my bracelet. In the picture all of the metalwork is the same, if it looked like the picture i would be so happy. <end>  Gorgeous!!!!!  I bought this ring as a Christmas present for a friend and it is just so beautiful that I'm tempted to keep it for myself! <end>  Classic  My daughter will love this ring, she had her 1st child last Jan, and wanted a ring with her daughters birthstone, this is delicate and classy and I can't wait till Christmas to give it to her. Excellant delivery time too. <end>  I don't recommend this ring.  Although this ring is gorgeous, and very ornate (for such a small ring). There was one drawback. It turned my finger green. I only wear sterling silver or white gold jewelry, and I have many sterling silver rings, none of those rings have turned my finger green. This lead me to believe that the ring was not sterling silver as it states on the website. I would not recommend buying this ring, or any jewelry from the silver insanity company. <end>
 B00023K1VI  Heavy Sterling Silver Wire & Chain Mens Ring Size 7(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Great ring...  I like this ring very much, it is actually the first ring I have ever purchased for myself, and fits my appearance well(Im, kind of a rocker guy). The only negative things about the ring is that it can damage some things due to the deep ridges. Also, do not wear the ring if you are using a bar of soap, because it will literally dig chunks out of the soap, and get stuck in the ring. It is easy to wash out, but reaps hell on your soap supply, haha. However, I feel that this was a great purchase, and I actually feel "naked" when I take the ring off. It almost feels like it's meant to be on my hand at this point. Which I've only worn for a little over a month. Also, if your fingers are very close together, I would not reccomend this ring, I have boney more spaced out fingers. However, if you do not have a boney more thin spaced out fingered hand. You are most likely going to have sores on your surrounding fingers from the width of the ring, unless you put the ring on your thumb. I even had a sore in the webbing of my fingers. However, I like the ring so much I left it on and the sore went away....P.S. The ring also seems to protect my hand. If I make a fist or touch something with the outside of the hand. The ring always seems to make first contact. <end>  Loving Ring  I bought this product as a second ring to wear when I was dressed casually. After I recieved the ring it has become my number one choice to wear. It is comfortable and actually has a classy look to it.I wear this ring all the time and get many compliments on it. When I ordered this ring I never thought I would love it as much as I do. This ring was a great find. <end>  Nice Ring  I love this ring. I purchased it from Amazon about a year ago and I wear it everyday. I get many compliments about the ring. I would recommend this ring to anywho who is into silver. <end>  christmas  the ring is sturdy, and heavy, worth the price, came quickly, my husband loved it. he wears it all the time., <end>
 B00023K1XQ  New Sterling Silver PillBox or Slender Compact Pill Box ||	  It's really cute but too tiny!  It's much smaller than it appears on the site. It's a beautiful pill box, but you can only fit about 4 round aspirin otherwise it won't close. (And don't even think about trying to get gelcaps or larger pills in there!) <end>  Price Gouged  I had no trouble opening this pillbox, but once I did I had two surprises. First, it was not polished on the inside. And worse, it had a price sticker on it marked $7.90. Deeper and better made is the Frank Lloyd Wirght pillbox for the same price I found on Amazon. Although not sterling silver it is much nicer and appropriately priced. <end>  Save your money  This pill box is extremely difficult to open once it's closed. And I am not some arthritic senior citizen, but an active 35 year old with good dexterity.The lid fits too tightly once it's snapped shut, and the lip of the lid is flush with the bottom piece. Very aerodynamic I'm sure, but you'll break all your fingernails trying to pry it open. I have to use a nail file tip to open it again.Also, the craftmanship of the piece is poor in general, especially for an item of this price. The sticker inside says "Made in Thailand", and frankly it shows.Save your money and look for something else. <end>  This is exactly what I've been looking for...  I've been looking for a pill box just like this!It holds a few pills & is flat enough that I can carry it in my pocket without it being noticable.I didn't have any trouble opening it at all. Fantastic! <end>  Just had to share my thoughts!  This pill box is just the thing I was searching for! I am a housewife living in the suburbs of the city with not much to tide my time. I find myself bored, even while I am preparing dinner or stressed while entertaining. My local doctor prescribed me with something to help- and it did! I feel more energized than ever.What I needed, while I am not yet to be a mother, is a mother's little helper! Before this pill box I would have to carry about the actual pill bottle, from the doctor- that, I will tell you, is not very discrete. How embarrassing! (Though, really, how discrete must we be if all of us housewives have a prescription?)This box is beautiful and small enough to put in even my smallest of purses and it is easy to pop open and grab what I need in time to serve the next course.I highly recommend this item if you have a lot on your plate and want to stay discrete about it! My husband thinks I use it to hold my powder and blush!Rejoice and relax as I have, and invest in this aid to your mommy's little helper! <end>  I love it.  The trick to this pill box is to put your pills in the lid and then close the pill box. This way you can fit more pills and they will not crush because of how the lid fits to the bottom. All seven of my pills fit in this compact pill box. I like it so much that I bought two more as gifts. E. <end>
 B00023K1YU  Classic Sterling Silver Round Disc Chain and Bar Cufflinks ||	  BEAUTIFUL FOR MEN OR WOMEN  I bought 2 sets of these for a blouse. They are beautiful. My husband borrows them now and then for his french cuffs too. <end>  Simple classy cufflinks  These are simple yet classy silver cufflinks. I particularly liked that they have a chain rather than the conventional post and thus should not be prone to the damage to which cufflinks are prone. The workmanship is top quality. I am completely satisfied with the product. <end>
 B00023K2H6  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Amethyst Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  pretty junk  One star is one too many for this piece of jewelry, but I had no choice, as I had to enter a rating. Personally, I believe it deserves 0 stars. When I received the ring in the mail I was pleasantly surprised, as the setting was beautiful and the stone very clear. But after wearing it only a few short hours, the stone came loose, unbeknownst to me, and as I later discovered, fell out. It is not an expensive piece by any means, so I was not too put out over it, but if you are considering purchasing this item, I would suggest passing this one up. <end>  Very pretty!  Beautiful ring, however be sure not to knock it on anything... after wearing it for long periods the stone gets loose. It hasn't fallen out yet, but you can tell it is thinking about it.Even if it does, though, I've definitely gotten my monies worth! <end>  loser  the stone fell out one day after owning this ring,it is very beautiful and i would have it set again, this time much better than was shipped,but i cannot find the stone.oh i guess i won't be shopping here anymore <end>  Pretty,but shoddy workmanship....  A good price for a pretty ring...but if you are intending for a "daily wearing" kind of ring, you may want to look further.The marcasite stones began to fall out after the first few months of wear..... <end>  4 star review  I loved the elegant design and it was just as ordered when I received it. The only thing I would have wished were different was a larger stone-and wouldn't have minded paying extra for that. I really liked the unique design. I love the jewelry selections at Amazon.com. <end>  Not happy  You get what you pay for here. I think it is prettier on the computer than in person. My son's girlfriend wore it two days and it started tarnishing. She was so happy with it when he first gave it to her, so I hate that it is not holding up. <end>  Simply Beautiful  This ring is just beautiful.Very nice quality and elegance for the price.I wear it every day and recieve many compliments,including "are you engaged"? I'm not,but that should tell you how nice the ring is..And it does feel nice to hear that little compliment.&lt;smiles> <end>  This is a pretty one  The medal is shiny and the stone is pretty and clear. It is a little bit darker than the picture shown, but not drastically. I like it a lot, it is lovely and the band isn't so wide its uncomfortable, its a nice snug fit. Thank you for this nice piece of Jewelry, I love rings and love collecting them <end>  Great product  Love this product. It is very beautiful and elgante. Looks like I spent more then I did. <end>  Beautiful!! Awesome price!  This ring is gorgeous!! The stone is actually a deeper purple than what the picture shows. The style is very unique & funky - but at the same time it's dainty - which I love. I'm planning on buying the Garnet version of this ring for my mom. Highly recommend Silver Insanity! <end>  Marcasite ring, simply lovely.  Great ring, quick delivery. Happy with purchase. Lovely design and happy to have it in amethyst purple, my favorite! Marcasite is a unique style and I'm glad its making a comeback into fashion world. <end>  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Ring  We bought this for our 13 year old daughter and I will agree with the other reviews that it is prettier in person than the computer picture. The amethyst is clear, not cloudy. The designs on the bands are also clear, they do not stand out on the computer picture. It's not a very big ring, I would call it dainty, but it will get noticed. We haven't had any issues with the stone, in fact, we've taken to get it sized just a little bit bigger as they do not come in half sizes and we've had not problems. <end>  poor quality of silver  First the ring is darker than it looks in the picture. The stone also looks darker and more purple. The quality of silver is poor. <end>  very beautiful.  i was impressed with this ring because it looks more beautiful thant what you see in the computer.defenitly worth it. <end>  I love it!  I love this ring! I bought it as a present for myself and am so glad I did. The marquise is beautiful and the Amethyst is a nice cut and not cloudy. You can't beat this price either! The only negative comment I could give is that the setting has two sharper edges that my boyfriend has complained about when holding my hand- but it hasn't hurt me! <end>  Awesome ring! Great deal!  This ring definatley looked nicer than it did on the computer.It's gorgeous and there are no down-sides what so ever!I love it! <end>
 B00023K2IK  Sterling Silver Marcasite Red Garnet Heart Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Cute for Teen Girl  This ring from Silver Insanity was shipped uber fast! It came in the condition as shown, although the garnet is a little more brown red than the stone pictured. So, of course, stone quality varies. It is sturdy and not chinzy feeling. I'd feel confident purchasing from them again, and my gift recipient will love it. <end>  Beatiful Ring  When I got this ring yesterday, I was so happy. The heart and the stone in it are just the right size (not too big or too small), and it looks much more expensive than it is. It's just beautiful. <end>  very nice  This is the second year I bought celtic jewelry and my wife just adores it. For the price this stuff cannot be beat and will last if u don't ruffhouse it. Yes I like it much and I think i'll buy some for me. <end>  Cute for Teen Girl  This ring from Silver Insanity was shipped uber fast! It came in the condition as shown, although the garnet is a little more brown red than the stone pictured. So, of course, stone quality varies. It is sturdy and not chinzy feeling. I'd feel confident purchasing from them again, and my gift recipient will love it. <end>  Beatiful Ring  When I got this ring yesterday, I was so happy. The heart and the stone in it are just the right size (not too big or too small), and it looks much more expensive than it is. It's just beautiful. <end>  very nice  This is the second year I bought celtic jewelry and my wife just adores it. For the price this stuff cannot be beat and will last if u don't ruffhouse it. Yes I like it much and I think i'll buy some for me. <end>
 B00023K2JY  Sterling Silver 5 Stone Garnet Marcasite Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  OMG! I ADORE THIS RING!!!!  It is SO MUCH PRETTIER in person!!!!! I literally cannot stop looking at it! On the female hand, it looks like something you would imagine a Balinese Princess wearing. Everyone comments on it. I'm so glad I picked it out! The pictures are cute but, Not even close to as pretty as the real ring.  ) <end>  good for the price  it is a very pretty ring...the picture definately was more appealing, but very pretty once its on a hand  )i suggest it be worn as a middle finger ring, as to it is quite large. <end>  Nice  Stones sturdy enough, not as "glamourous" as in photo, but good deal for money paid. nice everyday ring <end>  Glad I bought it  Like others said, it was delivered with surprising alacrity. I do think it looks like the picture, but it was a little larger than I imagined. No problem with that, though, as my husband thinks more is "more" where jewelry is concerned.I didn't think the garnets were too orange, but then, I prefer garnets to the so-much-more-precious rubies because rubies can tend to be pinkish.I wish I could have gotten it in a size 5, but other than that, I would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is a very pretty and unique ring, with a seriously satisfying weight to it. I love it and would give it five stars if the garnets weren't more orange then red and if it didnt have a few nicks and scratches on the sides. Beautiful anyways. <end>  so beautiful!  This ring far exceeds my expectations - it's beautiful and eye-catching. I wear it everday! <end>
 B00023K2L2  Sterling Silver X Weave Puzzle Ring Size 4.5(Size 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Silver Puzzle Ring  The ring was very beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem we have is my daughter took it apart out of curriosity. She has not been able to put it back together using the instructions provided on the web. We also noted the silver is very soft and bends easily. <end>  nice  do not let ring get undone, takes a while to put back together. Accidentallydropped it at work and it everyone attempted to put it back together, it took hours..... <end>  unique puzzle ring  I purchased this ring because when I was younger I owned one. The ring is exactly what I hoped it would be. It took me sometime to put it together the first time I took it off, but I finally figured it out with tips from an online video that helped me through. Now I can put it back together when needed. I wear this ring every day. It is simple and nice looking. <end>  puzzle ring  Love the ring. Very comfortable. Shipping turnaround was great. Only downside is be careful taking it off..takes forever to figure how to put it back together, unless you are looking for something to do.  ) <end>  Puzzle Directions  I love this ring-- I wore one for almost 4 years before losing it (so I'm here to get another!).For those of you who accidentally drop it, these instructions accurately illustrate how I put mine back together [...]There's a little trick though, the 2 pieces that form the X shape across the front only fit in one configuration, so if they don't fit together perfectly, drop the piece on the rightmost side and bring it back up to be on the left hand side of the piece you're still holding. This should rearrange the pieces so that they will twist together correctly.Once you get the hang of it you can put it together in seconds. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very cute ring!! I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it, and saw how difficult some said it was to fit back together after taking it appart, so I haven't done that yet. Although it looks VERY tempting, I will not be taking it apart, but it is VERY pretty to wear!! <end>  Nice Puzzle Ring  Ordering was easy. The order arrived promptly and was well packaged. I bought this for my daughter (in her 20's) because she loves puzzles. She was quite pleased with the ring. I would prefer that the assembly instructions be included with the purchase of the ring. Overall, a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B00023K2LM  Sterling Silver Four Band X Weave Puzzle Ring Size 5(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Silver Puzzle Ring  The ring was very beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem we have is my daughter took it apart out of curriosity. She has not been able to put it back together using the instructions provided on the web. We also noted the silver is very soft and bends easily. <end>  nice  do not let ring get undone, takes a while to put back together. Accidentallydropped it at work and it everyone attempted to put it back together, it took hours..... <end>  unique puzzle ring  I purchased this ring because when I was younger I owned one. The ring is exactly what I hoped it would be. It took me sometime to put it together the first time I took it off, but I finally figured it out with tips from an online video that helped me through. Now I can put it back together when needed. I wear this ring every day. It is simple and nice looking. <end>  puzzle ring  Love the ring. Very comfortable. Shipping turnaround was great. Only downside is be careful taking it off..takes forever to figure how to put it back together, unless you are looking for something to do.  ) <end>  Puzzle Directions  I love this ring-- I wore one for almost 4 years before losing it (so I'm here to get another!).For those of you who accidentally drop it, these instructions accurately illustrate how I put mine back together [...]There's a little trick though, the 2 pieces that form the X shape across the front only fit in one configuration, so if they don't fit together perfectly, drop the piece on the rightmost side and bring it back up to be on the left hand side of the piece you're still holding. This should rearrange the pieces so that they will twist together correctly.Once you get the hang of it you can put it together in seconds. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very cute ring!! I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it, and saw how difficult some said it was to fit back together after taking it appart, so I haven't done that yet. Although it looks VERY tempting, I will not be taking it apart, but it is VERY pretty to wear!! <end>  Nice Puzzle Ring  Ordering was easy. The order arrived promptly and was well packaged. I bought this for my daughter (in her 20's) because she loves puzzles. She was quite pleased with the ring. I would prefer that the assembly instructions be included with the purchase of the ring. Overall, a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B00023K2YE  Large Sterling Silver Classic Plain ANKH Pendant Charm ||	  Symbol of Immortality &amp; Protection  The ankh is perhaps the most widely known Egyptian symbol, representing life, the universe, and immortality. It is symbolic of regeneration. Furthermore, it is theorized that the staff portion is representative of the male principle while the loop is representative of the female principle, thus indicating a union of the two. More particularly, it has been said to be representative of the union between Isis and Osiris, and, as their union would initiate the flooding of the Nile, was called the "Key of the Nile." Yet another theory suggests that the loop is representative of the sun rising, while the crossbar represents the horizon and the vertical segment the path of the sun. It is believed to have been associated with a glyph for magical protection, and can thus be interpreted as a good luck talisman. The ankh today has been associated with modern pagan and Wiccan groups.This particular ankh is sterling sliver and is about two inches in length. Though simplistic, it is a great accessory to accompany any wardrobe. It isn't too tacky, too ornate, or too expensive, and silver does tend to go with everything. Make sure you purchase a chain for this as well. <end>  Not what we expected  This Ankh is definitely of poorer quality than expected. The anhk itself is lightweight, almost like it is plastic coated with silver or silver paint. It is molded, with a mold line around the middle. The "925" mark is on the clasp/bail and there is nothing on the anhk itself to indicate that anything other than the clasp/bail is silver.... Not very impressed. <end>  Good product  I bought this product approximately two months ago. It's been a great necklace, I have received many compliments. A decent piece of jewelry. A silver cleaner fixed the nasty discoloration I had all over it. Good as new.I'd say 5 stars, but since it won't let me edit the stars, I can only tell you this should be a 5 star review.This is a decent and good looking piece of jewelry. <end>  Bold Piece  This pendent shows whatever meaning an Ankh has to you to the world. I often get compliments and questions about it since I wear it everywhere. While the pendent isn't solid, the silver is thick enough to have nice weight to it. The entire piece is real sterling silver (I looped with a 10x jeweler's loop) and won't dent or bend. (My little cousin tried to chew on it once.) So long as you want a bold piece that can be easily seen, this is a good choice! <end>  Good Piece  Its about the length of my thumb looks exactly like the picture. Ive had it for about 2 weeks and have gotten about 5 compliments on it already. Nice peice I feel good wearing it. <end>  Looks cool but its hallow and wears bad  Looks cool but its hallow and wears bad. Im afraid it will break easily. Wish it was a solid piece for the price. <end>  Beautifully Crafted  It is difficult to find well crafted Ankh pendants in South East Asia primarily not many Asian Jewelry stores stock these. When I received the Ankh, two years ago I was speechless. It's terribly BEAUTIFUL! I have received many compliments, and the odd thing is people have asked me to purchase this for them instead of getting it through Amazon themselves.I wear the Ankh everyday - I've never taken it off me for the past 24 months it has been around my neck, and surprisingly, for Silver, Sterling Silver has ensured that it is quality silver they're using - The Ankh has never tarnished.I'm pleased, and would recommend it to any Ankh wearer, and future wearers. <end>  B-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l!!!!  this ankh pendant is soooo pretty! the only this is that it is hallow, i found out the hard way and put a dent in it  / but that should teach me not to bit things! but other then that its really pretty! and i will buy more things from this user. <end>
 B00023K2YY  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B00023K2ZS  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B00023K30C  Sterling Silver Ornate Gypsy Dangling Arrowheads Drop Earrings ||	  love 'em  These are probably the most beautiful earrings I own. Be aware that the picture is a little misleading as I had imagined they would be grayish on one side and instead they are all silver. Also I had thought they would come with plastic backings but apparently that was not the case. I really love to wear them, though, and I get commments on them all the time. <end>  Beautiful  I did not know that to expect when I bought this earring but I ordered it based on the current review. I must say it is beautiful and defenitely worth the price. It is light-weight and beautifully crafted. It is all silver and is designed with a darkened look. <end>  EXCELLENT SERVICE  Ordered on a Thursday night received by Wednesday afternoon. The earrings are just like the picture. The price is worth it. <end>  Dainty and Feminine  These are probably my favorite pair of earrings. They are very light-weight which is a must. I love dangly earrings but can't stand heavy earrings.They can be worn with something dressy or casual. I prefer to wear them with jeans and a pretty top. The earrings are feminine but not too ostentatious. Just right! <end>  Very nice!!  I bought this earring for myself because i want something new,i thought this earrings will not be that pretty but when i saw it in person i know that i made a right choice. I got a lot of compliments from my cousins and friends when they saw it. This was the most pretty earrings i got so far. <end>  Exactly as pictured  The picture is a perfect representation of these earrings! The diamonds are thin metal, though, that looks a little cheaper than I expected up close. From the compliments I get, I don't think anyone else thinks they look cheap, though! The lightweight is easy on my earlobes and the connections for each hanging silver diamond are secure. Because they move easy, light reflects from these almost all the time.Additionally, Silver Insanity - the vendor - was a pleasure to deal with, and I received a personal email from them about shipping before Amazon emailed me to let me know it had shipped. Some companies don't bother with contacting you unless there's a problem, so it was a nice touch. These arrived more quickly than I expected, packaged in a small box with my other earrings. Each pair was in a small plastic bag, and I loved them all! <end>
 B00023K32A  Sterling Silver Amethyst and White CZ Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Exactly as pictured!  Ring is beautiful, of excellent quality, super price and was received in only several days. My second order from this company and will definately order again. <end>  Gorgeous!  Beautiful ring. Fast delivery- I am very satisfied with this product and the delivery. I love 'Silver Insanity'! <end>  The Color was a Little Disappointing  The ring is very sparkely, however the purple color is not NEARLY as deep and rich looking as the picture. It is very light, almost a lavender, and doesn't really look Amethyst at all. I don't believe this is the seller's fault - and was VERY happy with other items I ordered from them and the speed of delivery. <end>
 B00023K3E8  Small Sterling Silver Irish Celtic Knot Cross Hook Earrings ||	  Very tiny !!  Ordered these as a perfect match to a necklace my husband bought me but when i opened the pkg. I absolutely could not believe how small these are !! I have medium length hair but if I dont pull it up you would never see these teenie tiny earrings hanging from the ear.. very dissapointed !! <end>
 B00023K3EI  Diamond-Cut 3mm Wide Sterling Silver 24" Figaro Chain Necklace Italian Made ||	  Sterling Silver Chain  It was very quick service and I love the chain. I would go and buy from them again. <end>  Great for the price  First of all it came early which was great, good service and the chain was great quality for the price. Perfect length and width and only 20 bucks! Love the design too. Love it. <end>  too small  The chain is really pretty, but it is way tooo skinny... the picture makes it look like a thick chain but it is really thin <end>  a nice piece of jewelry  I will buy more jewelry of this type. Amazon carries better quality jewelry than other online sites. <end>  Beautiful Buy  I'm a guy; 6'0 tall. I purchased a cross pendant for my size but wasn't satisfied with the chain, or necklace, that came with it. I ordered a 2mm chain from a seller and wasn't happy with it. I ordered this one and it was "juuuuust right", to quote Goldilocks. Been wearing it for 3 weeks now and it's still shiny and looks great. It's exactly right for the cross size. The design is complimentary to the entire look. <end>  Poor Quality  I don't think this chain was even sterling silver. I was so embarassed when I gave it to my aunt as a gift with a s.s. cross on it. The cross stayed silver but the chain turned black! Never again will I spend a dime with this vendor! And I bought 2 of them! <end>  Great for the price  It's a very thin, but surprisingly sturdy necklace, I have my grandfathers highschool ring hanging from it (in memory of him) and it's help up just fine for months... even with me falling asleep with it on once or twice, I highly recommend. <end>  Okay But Well Spent  First of All the Chain Was Sooo Small but very Pretty. I think I got a good deal but had to give it to the girlfriend cause it was so Small. Needs more detail about the chain itself <end>
 B00023K3IO  Marcasite Large Garnet Sterling Silver Post Earrings ||	  huge stones!!!  nice size, they were bigger than i thought they were. the garnets are a very nice size!!!. the decorations are very beautiful!! <end>  Mindy  Although the earrings are very pretty, they are not as pictured. Instead of red, they are black and don't look like garnets at all. <end>  Pretty Design, but...  These earrings have a pretty design, but the stones were reddish brown, not the deep red that I prefer. I returned them. <end>  very nice earrings  The snowstorms this winter delayed my shipment about a week, but Silver Insanity emailed me that if the earrings were a Valentine's Day gift and I didn't receive them in time, that they would gladly take them back. This is the third time I have ordered from this company and I have always been happy with my purchases. I have even ordered earrings for my daughter-in-law for Christmas and she loved them! Usually, my order ships the day after I placed my order and arrives in about a week. I always check out their jewelry first when I'm looking for a gift or for myself. <end>
 B00023K4DI  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Poison Locket Box Ring Size 5(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  beautiful but fragile  This ring is just beautiful, works very well, but the stone popped out the 2nd time I wore it and I had to superglue it back on. <end>
 B00023K5DW  Braided Edge Sterling Silver Hair Barrette Clip Pin ||	  broke after 3 days wear  I got this as a gift for my aunt. She loved it. had it on her wish list. she wore it Sat and Sunday and to work Monday. (she took it out at night, she did not sleep w/it) took it out of her hair Monday and it feel into 4 or 5 pcs. SI is sending a replacment and a postage free returned for the broke one. buy at your own risk <end>
 B00023K5GY  Sterling Silver 16" Black Rubber Cord Chain Necklace ||	  Necklace  The necklace was as described. It is a good necklace, but turned out to be a bit thicker than I had hoped. My pendant piece wouldn't slide over the silver ends. <end>  Rubber Cord Necklace  Item came to me fast. It is very confortable and very reliable. I don't have to worry a regular chain sticking in my neck or pulling my hair when the necklace moves. I highly recommend this necklace for sensitive skins or active people. <end>  Non responsive seller  I ordered this directly from the silver insanity web site as amazon did not have the 2mm necklace I was looking for.My order has been "processing" for 4 days and has not shipped. In addition I paid extra for express service. I sent an e mail query (this company gives no telephone number) which has NOT been answered.I would certainly not recommend this company to anyone. Apparently they took my money and are not going to deliver the product!! <end>  Sterling Silver 16" black rubber cord necklace  It's perfect. Just the right length and an easy clasp. <end>  Perfect!  I had a rubber cord just like this one before, but it got damaged. I liked it so much that I had to get another one. I've bought several items from Silver Insanity and I must say that I'm really happy and impressed with the service. I ordered the rubber cord and two other items on the same day and Silver Insanity combined the order for me (without realizing it, I had placed the orders separately) saving me 15 dollars. <end>  basic necklace  I like it beacuse you can hang almost anything from it, and it looks good.The only downside is that the clasp is too big to get more delicate items on to it. <end>
 B00023K5UK  Sterling Silver Turtle Tortoise Motion Spin Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>
 B00023K5WI  Large Sterling Silver Ornate Victorian Style Framed Baltic Amber Pendant ||	  Tantalizing!  This is a wow piece. I bought it for my mom on her birthday and she loved it.And the price is very nice too.Silver Insanity really finds some nice items to showcase. <end>
 B00023K6TU  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B00023K6W2  Sterling Silver 5 Stone Garnet Marcasite Ring Size 8(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  OMG! I ADORE THIS RING!!!!  It is SO MUCH PRETTIER in person!!!!! I literally cannot stop looking at it! On the female hand, it looks like something you would imagine a Balinese Princess wearing. Everyone comments on it. I'm so glad I picked it out! The pictures are cute but, Not even close to as pretty as the real ring.  ) <end>  good for the price  it is a very pretty ring...the picture definately was more appealing, but very pretty once its on a hand  )i suggest it be worn as a middle finger ring, as to it is quite large. <end>  Nice  Stones sturdy enough, not as "glamourous" as in photo, but good deal for money paid. nice everyday ring <end>  Glad I bought it  Like others said, it was delivered with surprising alacrity. I do think it looks like the picture, but it was a little larger than I imagined. No problem with that, though, as my husband thinks more is "more" where jewelry is concerned.I didn't think the garnets were too orange, but then, I prefer garnets to the so-much-more-precious rubies because rubies can tend to be pinkish.I wish I could have gotten it in a size 5, but other than that, I would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is a very pretty and unique ring, with a seriously satisfying weight to it. I love it and would give it five stars if the garnets weren't more orange then red and if it didnt have a few nicks and scratches on the sides. Beautiful anyways. <end>  so beautiful!  This ring far exceeds my expectations - it's beautiful and eye-catching. I wear it everday! <end>
 B00023K7TY  Sterling Silver Four Band X Weave Puzzle Ring Size 6(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Silver Puzzle Ring  The ring was very beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem we have is my daughter took it apart out of curriosity. She has not been able to put it back together using the instructions provided on the web. We also noted the silver is very soft and bends easily. <end>  nice  do not let ring get undone, takes a while to put back together. Accidentallydropped it at work and it everyone attempted to put it back together, it took hours..... <end>  unique puzzle ring  I purchased this ring because when I was younger I owned one. The ring is exactly what I hoped it would be. It took me sometime to put it together the first time I took it off, but I finally figured it out with tips from an online video that helped me through. Now I can put it back together when needed. I wear this ring every day. It is simple and nice looking. <end>  puzzle ring  Love the ring. Very comfortable. Shipping turnaround was great. Only downside is be careful taking it off..takes forever to figure how to put it back together, unless you are looking for something to do.  ) <end>  Puzzle Directions  I love this ring-- I wore one for almost 4 years before losing it (so I'm here to get another!).For those of you who accidentally drop it, these instructions accurately illustrate how I put mine back together [...]There's a little trick though, the 2 pieces that form the X shape across the front only fit in one configuration, so if they don't fit together perfectly, drop the piece on the rightmost side and bring it back up to be on the left hand side of the piece you're still holding. This should rearrange the pieces so that they will twist together correctly.Once you get the hang of it you can put it together in seconds. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very cute ring!! I read the reviews on this ring before I bought it, and saw how difficult some said it was to fit back together after taking it appart, so I haven't done that yet. Although it looks VERY tempting, I will not be taking it apart, but it is VERY pretty to wear!! <end>  Nice Puzzle Ring  Ordering was easy. The order arrived promptly and was well packaged. I bought this for my daughter (in her 20's) because she loves puzzles. She was quite pleased with the ring. I would prefer that the assembly instructions be included with the purchase of the ring. Overall, a pleasant shopping experience. <end>
 B00023K7UI  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Puzzle Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Present for Daughter  I bought this as a present for my daughter. I was very pleased with the quality and the finish of the ring. (If anyone wants additional instructions about how to put it together, check wikipedia. I believe there is even a video.) I highly recommend this ring for people who enjoy sterling silver, symbolism, and something just a little bit different. <end>  Nice ring  Nice ring, fast delivery. I still need to check it out, because my daughter says it doesn't completely "break down" the way my old puzzle ring did. <end>  if only i could put it back together!  I got this ring for my girlfriend for her birthday. We both loved it, it is really quite beautiful. Yet we still can't put it back together. It has been apart for about two months now, it's really disappointing. If you're amazing at putting things together, than you'll like it. If you're not, you'll probably still like it, but you might wan to leave it together. <end>  Rings were beautiful...the puzzle not so...  I bought two of the claddagh puzzle rings for me and my boyfriend for christmas. I was so excited that I recieved them by Christmas. The rings looked as I expected them too and I was thrilled to have matching rings for my boyfriend and I. However I was very very dissapointed when my puzzle ring fell apart and ther was no directions to put it back together. It fell apart the first night I got it before I had the chance to give my boyfriend his, which of course again very dissapointing seeing as I bought it as christmas presents. I tried for several hours that night to get it back together and so did other family members but no luck. We even got instructions with diagrams and watched a movie of it but it still wouldn't go back together. Luckily my boyfriends hasn't fell apart yet nor has he taken it apart after hearing my horor story of it. I had to buy a new ring from them just to have our matching rings because we are getting our pictures taken together. Hopefully it will arive soon and then when it does I am wrapping something around it to get it to stay together before I can get it welded. But its pretty dissapointing I have to do this seeing as its suppose to be a puzzle ring. All in all though they are pretty beautiful rings just be careful with them and don't take them apart unless you have plenty of time trying to figure out how to put them back together or you plan on spending another 20 plus shipping for a new ring. By the way you can't send the ring back for a refund unless it is assembled so beware of that too. The company itself gets a good rating from me though. <end>  Wow  I got a lot of shipping alerts and was confused as to when it would arrive, but i got it now and I couldn't be more pleased!!! gorgeous! I can't wait to take it apart and put it back together again!! Perfect for puzzle lovers! <end>  gripkid  I really love this ring! I mainly got it because they showed it on an episode of the Buffy the vampire slayer for a big fan one of these rings are a must! I haven't ventured to take it apart...YET and to be honest by the looks of these reviews it'll be a long time before i do *give me two-three days* haha BUT i did find some instructions from the website silver sanity that sells these the the website that they put on the reciept is kinda funky and i had to google it just to get to the right page but i'll post it on here seeing as no one else has---How to assemble a four link puzzle ring, step by step.Puzzles rings are a most intriguing piece of jewelry, with an interesting lore attached to them. In some areas of Turkey, they are the most common wedding band worn. Originally, they were intended to serve as a sort of motivator to keep married people faithful to one another. The theory was, if a spouse endeavored to commit adultery, they would first have to remove their wedding band, hiding their marital status from the potential fling. Since the rings are made up of interlocking bands, forming a pattern that requires knowledge to duplicate, once they are removed from the finger they fall apart quite easily...thus incriminating the guilty party.Today, these rings are worn mostly because of their beauty, not to mention the fact that they are excellent conversation pieces. They are a popular souvenier among tourists in the Middle East, especially Turkey. Many military personnel return from a tour of duty owning one or more of these rings, however, in time, the solution is forgotten!The following is a step by step solution for a thin band, four link puzzle ring.1. You will notice that the four bands are similar, but upon closer inspection there are slight differences. Two of the links have a simple peak to them, and the other two links have a dip and a peak. Look carefully to identify each link. At this time, single out the link that has a simple peak, with 4 etches carved into it. (The etches may be faint, compare the two simple peak links and choose the one with more grooves)2. Once you have found the simple peaked link with four grooves, hold that link only, letting the other links dangle. Turn the ring so that the top of the peak is pointing away from you. There should be two links dangling from the link you are holding, with the fourth link dangling from those two links.3. While still holding the four grooved link, take the other simple peaked link, which should be the one dangling from the bottom, and bring it up to meet with the one you are holding. You should now be holding the two links together, the bands of the links together, and the points of the peaks pointing outwards, opposite of each other (It should look like a diamond)4. Continue holding the links together with your thumb and pointer finger (you will need your other fingers for the next part).5. You will notice that you now have the two 'dip and peak' links dangling from the two links you are holding. Select the link on the right---this is trial and error, sometimes the correct link will be on the right already, and sometimes you may have to pass the wrong link over the top of the ring in order to place the correct link in the proper position. The two dangling links are very hard to tell apart, so you will discover which is the correct one for the next step by following these instructions  6. After grabbing the dangling link on the right, turn the link so that the peaks and dips face you. Looking at the link, notice the dips and peaks. You want the link that has peaks that point like arrows to the LEFT, then the right. (The other link has peaks that point like arrows to the RIGHT, then left )7. When you have found the correct link for the next step, hold it taut against the two simple peak bands you have been holding between your thumb and forefinger. The band of those two links should now be resting against the LEFT pointing peak of the selected link, and you should adjust your hands so that you are holding that link on your pinky, taut.8. With your free hand, grab the last remaining link. Turn the link so that the peaks and dips face the top of the ring (you should be holding the ring upright the entire time) Bring the remaining link towards the right, and overlap it with the link you're holding on your pinky. The easiest way to do this is to imagine you are trying to put the other link on your pinky with the one that's already there. If this is done correctly, you will still be holding the two simple peak links between your thumb and forefinger, and they will form a diamond shape. You will also be holding the other two links on your pinky, they should form a figure eight, with the other two bands passing through the center.9. At this point, I usually change the position of my hands. Now ,hold the figure eight together with your thumb and middle finger, trying not to disrupt the other ones too much! Try to maintain the diamond shape in some way, hold it however you are comfortable, in a way that will enable you to continue with these instructions.10. Select the link on the top, closest to you. (part of the diamond) Spin the link around so that the peak fits through the figure eight---also, make sure that once the peak is inside the figure eight it also passes through the band of the other part of the 'diamond' . When the link has been spun, and passed through the figure eight and the band of the remaining link, fold it downwards, so that it is flush with the two links that form a figure eight.11. Well, you made it to the last remaining link...congratulations!All you have to do now is carefully spin the last link so the peak fits between the peaks and gaps of the already mostly assembled ring (just spin it, no need to do anything fancy! ) Once the last remaining link has been passed through the ring, fold it down to lay flush with the rest of the links.12. Enjoy your puzzle ring!Solving your puzzle ring may have seemed difficult and awkward this time, but with practice it's actually quite simple. If you don't feel confident that you would be able to repeat this feat, I suggest taking the ring to a reputable jeweler to be soldered together! <end>  Confusing but not too bad`  I absolutely love the look of the ring! My friend took it apart, and I worked on it non-stop for almost a day before I looked up directions on-line. Once I foudn a couple sets, I compared them and it wasn't too bad to put back together.Again, I think the ring is gorgeous. <end>  Comes with Warnings!!!  this ring, i lovedwhen i got it..even betterbut i was so curiouse as to..if i could take it apart and put it back together. not even a week and i folled around with it, bad idea. it fell apart.i still cant get it together and been messing with it any chance i could get. the instructions it comes with isnt the best either. its all words and no images. kinda confusing. so do take apart but i warn you, you better be patient and very talented to get it together <end>  Tarnish Crap!  I ordered this ring and wore it a few times and it got all tarnished! So it is not Stainless Steel, and it wasnt worth sending it back! dont waste your money!!! <end>  gorgeous  i love puzzle rings. in england it's real difficult to find themi love the jewellery on amazon <end>  It's a puzzler!  I do like this puzzle ring, even though I have not ventured to take it apart and reassemble it again. On my receipt, I saw an e-mail address for instructions on how to solve it, but the address didn't work. However, there are instructions at another site ([...]) for their claddagh puzzle rings that may be helpful if you can't solve it.All in all, a neat looking ring, but take it apart at your own risk!  ) <end>  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Puzzle Band Ring Size  love this ring it is still in good condition and NOPE I never took it apart. I wanted to so bad but read on line it was very hard to get it back together. I had a lot of compliments on this one <end>  Great Ring! Challenging and Fun!  My boyfriend bought me this ring. I love it! A claddagh ring and a puzzle ring in one!! Great idea!It was tricky to put back together the first couple times, but I love a challenge (otherwise what's the point of a puzzle ring??) and now that I now how to do it I can put it back together in about a minute. Just don't force it - as many others have mentioned the individual rings are thin and bend easily. No force it necessary to get it back together, just a bit of finagling.I did find that it was a bit tarnished when I first took it apart but some baking soda and water polished it up nicely. It could have gotten five stars had it not been tarnished upon arrival. Boyfriend, however, does get five stars. <end>  bad idea.  I had this maybe two weeks before it broke. Junk. Thin week bands make for bad puzzle pieces. This thing will not stand up to daily wear for long. <end>  Love the ring!  I love my ring, although I have not tried to take it apart. I have always wanted a Claddagh ring and bought this for me for my birthday. I received it fast and it is beautiful. I have read the other reviews on how hard it is to take it apart or put it back together. I do not even want to try, I love it just the way it is! This is the second ring that I have ordered from Amazon.com and would recommend them to anyone that loves puzzle rings or Celtic jewelry! <end>  Fantastic  This is the most unique claddagh I've seen yet, a claddagh AND a puzzle ring. Great quality, quick shipping. I was very pleased. <end>  Awful  I ordered this ring for my daughter. It arrived severely tarnished. Because it was an inexpensive ring it didn't make sense to pay for shipping to send it back. We took the ring apart and used some silver polish on it. The tarnish came off but but so did silver coating also the ring is impossible to put back together. The instructions aren't for this ring in particular and aren't very clear. Not to mention how flimsy the metal is. Not a good buy. <end>  Other Opinion  I have read the other reviews about the weak metal, and the fact that people can't put the ring back together. My husband bought this ring for me and I could not even take it apart. Puzzle rings in general are thinner so they break and bend easily if your not careful. My husband bought it a lil too small, so I had it resized... the jeweler didn't want to until I said that I didn't care about the fact that it would never come apart. I love it and it is a great sign of love between us. <end>  An enjoyable piece  While not an exceptional ring, this is still an enjoyable piece for fans of either the Claddagh or puzzle rings in general.Both my wife and I wear a Claddagh for our wedding rings. The puzzle rings came this afternoon and while my wife hasn't dismantled hers just yet I simply couldn't wait. This, like most puzzle rings, is tricky and requires a certain amount of dexterity and patience. After playing with it for a couple of horus I succumbed and found a very useful video tutorial by Googling '4BDS Puzzle Ring Solution Video'While I feel like I cheated some; the solution, once you've learned it, comes pretty readily to mind.The only reason I held back on 5 stars is the metal bands have become somewhat warped in my frustrated gropings! The inside of the bands will appear damaged and tarnished - I imagine this ring may be silver plated. From other reviewers' mention of allergic reactions, don't be fooled in thinking this is a sterling silver ring. <end>  Claddagh Puzzle Ring  Nice ring for price. We have found the silver to be a little soft. Bends easily. The instructions on the Internet are not ring specific for this item, therefore we are afraid to even take it apart. Needs better instructions written for specific rings. <end>  Puzzle Ring Plus  This ring is awesome. It is well made and amazing how it fits together. My only complaint is that the idea of a puzzle ring is misleading. I thought that all four bands would come totally apart from each other. I was going to keep two rings for myself and give two rings to another person as a representation that we are two pieces, but when we are together we are whole. The problem is the rings are all inter-looped, so in order to do this I am going to have to cut them and solder them together. The other thing was, which is good for someone who doesn't want to worry about it falling apart....is that once I clipped the white band that was holding it together, it didn't fall all apart. I was expecting it to just fall to pieces. I literally had to struggle and pull at it to get it to come apart....in fact I lost patience in getting it apart and had to give it to someone else to pull apart. So as long as you aren't trying to use it like I wanted to, this ring is perfect for you. It doesn't come apart easily and they are all looped together so you can't lose any of the pieces. <end>  Be careful about sizing  This was given to me as a gift, and the person who gave it to me based the sizing on the sizing of the rest of the rings I wear. However, whatwe discovered is that these rings are a bit bulky (of course, that's what puzzle rings are about!), so mine is a bit too tight. I think Silver Insanity's website has instructions on sizing, but just in case that isn't an option I recommend goinga size larger. <end>  waste of money  I bought this ring for my girlfriend and 2 months later it completely fell apart. The bands on the ring actually broke apart and piece by piece the ring crumbled. Poor quality, I am not sure if it relates the thin bands that construct the puzzle ring, or the fragile nature of the metal. I wish I had my 25 bucks back. <end>  Awful ring..  Well atleast the package came quickly, cause the ring is horrible. I took it apart to see if I could put it back together, and what do I see, but the entire inside of the ring is tarnished. I used jewelery polish, and still couldn't get the ring to a silver look. Oh, and one of the bands snapped when I tried to put it back together for the first time. I contacted the seller, and am trying to get a refund. Hopefully their service is better than their products. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is my fave ring of all time. It comes with a string around it so it won't fall a part when you take it out of the box. Although, mine has to never come apart. It doesn't just fall apart like some of the looser knots do. I got a size 9 & it is a heavy ring so if you don't like heavy rings this one might not be for you.I love this ring & the company has a video you can watch & learn to how to put it, & other puzzle rings, back together. The indviual bands are thin & can bend so you have to be nice it, but it is well worth the money. <end>  It's terrible  I bought this ring for my fiance, since i have one, and it's a terrible ring. We got it apart, and then.....have not been able to get it back together, it's been over a month now, we went online to get the directions, that didn't help either. Plus, the ring is so cheap, it warmed up with the effort from our hands and bent out of shape. It is cheap and completely useless. <end>  pretty, but flimsy ring with useless assembly instructions  The ring is very pretty, but the instructions to reassemble the ring are useless and you have to be very careful with the individual rings as they are very thin metal. <end>  a puzzler!  I loved this ring the moment I saw it, and begged my boyfriend to buy it for me for christmas.When I got it, I immediatly put it on. I thought "Well, I wonder how it comes apart."BIG MISTAKE!It still hasn't been put back together, after two months, and every person in my family tried. I suggest that it come with instructions. (yes, even though this defeats the purpose) <end>  Watch out for sensitive skin  I purchased this ring for my girlfriend for Christmas after she mentioned having a claddagh ring before that broke. I think it is a really cool design and thought she'd enjoy the fact that it is a puzzle ring. And while she was really excited and likes the ring a lot she can not wear it for long periods of time due to the fact that it causes her to get blisters on her finger due to something in the metal. After later doing research on this I learned that there is a sizable number of people allergic to nickel which I suspect is present in this ring. <end>  Looks nice  I haven't disassembled it yet for fear of not being able to put it back together again. Doesn't look too hard, but judging by other reviewers' experiences, I decided not to try my luck. It looks quite nice the way it is.Once again, Silver Insanity did an excellent job. Amazon had mistakenly placed two orders, but Silver Insanity noticed it and called my attention to the fact. <end>  HELLLPPPPPP  Someone, please help me!!I have tried all the online help videos and guides and such, and I still cannot figure out how to put this blasted ring together again! PLEASE HELP! <end>
 B00023K82A  Sterling Silver Red Garnet Wing Butterfly Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Excellent Quality  I ordered this ring for my daughter's birthday and I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived. The detailing is excellent and it is a very pretty, very classy looking ring. The tiny antennae add just the right touch, and the stones are a nice shade of red. I liked the ring so much that I am going to order one for myself. I think that if you like the picture, you will absolutely love this ring when you see it! >^..^&lt; <end>  it is cute  It is a very cute ring. I liked it a lot. I only think im not so satisfy its a little bit too raised. have to be carefull it catches on to your clothes when you are dressing. A little bit too girly, The colors are great. <end>  Perfect!  I heard a quote the other day that went..."and just when life seemed surely over, the caterpillar turned into a beautiful butterfly" I'm in the process of divorce right now. Its been really hard. And there have been times that "life seemed surly over" So when I heard that quote...I thought THAT'S ME! I am just in the process of turning into a butterfly! I decided I wanted something to remind me of that quote when things got tough... And this was it! I love it...its perfect!! I looked a lot of places, but I wear a size 4 and they are hard to find. This ring is beautiful, and they were very prompt with shipping. I would highly recommend them.  ) <end>
 B00023K8F2  Celtic Knot Heart Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Purchased as a gift...  Beautiful!! My daughter does not care for bulky earrings.. these were perfect. They arrived quickly. Very nice color. Great gift. <end>  A good size for celtic hearts  These earrings are a good length - not too long, not too short. However, I was looking for an earring of this type to be three-dimensional... if this is what you are looking for, this pair of earrings is not it.  ( Based on the picture, I thought for sure they were three-dimensional... &lt;sigh> Oh well, they are still pretty and a decent size. <end>  Celtic Knot Heart Sterling Silver Hook Earrings  Seller  Silver InsanityI bought these as a gift for my step-mother's birthday on December 19th. My dad had died on November 30th, and I wanted to give her something to commemorate his Celtic heritage. She loves them...My only disappointment is that they're a bit smaller than I imagined they would be.The seller delivered this order 2 days early which meant it arrived right on her birthday. I wouldn't hesitate to buy from them again. <end>  What a lovely gift!  I just got these earrings from my sister for Christmas and I absolutely love them! She knew I liked celtic knot jewelry and this style and size fits me perfectly. They look better than pictured, are sturdy, and intricate in design. I plan to wear them with jeans and for evenings out. Highly recommend. <end>  Gorgeous  These earrings are danty and very pretty. I love them and could wear them everyday. I recommend them to anyone who likes celtic jewelry. <end>  Gift for my 20 yr sister  My sister is 20 and lives out of state. I have always order her gifts through silver insanity. She has a ring that matches these earrings and other pieces of jewelery. She will wears these earrings 24/7 along with the rest of her jewelery. The pieces are well made, a good price, and will hold up to everyday wear and tear. My sister is a full time college student who also waitress for two different restaurants, so the rings (previously bought) get a lot of abuse but still look great. These earrings will not see the same kind of abuse that the Celtic knot heart ring has seen and she has had that ring from last Christmas (and still looks great!). <end>  Celtic earrings  small but not too small; very classy and goes with everything silverfast shipping; pleasure to work with <end>  Beautiful Celtic Knot Earrings  Beautifully crafted, light weight, delicate celtic heart earrings. Gave them as a birthday gift to my Irish sister-in-law and she loved them. <end>  Celtic Knot Heart Earrings  The earrings are beautiful and of good quality. My only negative is they are too small. You have no way of seeing their true size in the picture as there is no frame of reference. I would have liked them to be bigger. If you are fond of smaller earring though, this is worth it. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I really was surprised at how pretty these were in person. Very striking. Would highly recommend! <end>  Ordered as a gift and another for me  These earrings are very good quality, sent to me quickly, and in a jewelry bag. A very nice gift. <end>  Not happy with these  The dangle on these earrings was made of thin wires - I didn't think it was very sturdy and it didn't show up well when I put the earrings on. Also, one of the ear wires was bent. I returned these. <end>  beautiful silver earrings!!  These earrings are very pretty and the right size!! Being Irish I am always looking for Celtic jewelry that's classic looking and these are it!! Thank you! <end>  Celtic Knot Earrings  Pretty earrings, I like to use them for a more casual look. Good quality earrings, they also arrived quickly which is always nice. <end>  CELTIC KNOT SS HOOK EARRINGS  THESE ARE SO BEAUTIFUL. PICTURE DOES NOT DO THEM JUSTICE. GORGEOUS CELTIC KNOT DESIGN. <end>  Pretty Design and Good Quality  I've had these earrings for about three months now and haven't experienced any problems (no bending, breaking, falling out, getting caught on stuff, etc). They're wonderfully sized in my opinion -the actual pendant being about 1" long (without hook) so as to be delicately attractive without being too overpowering. You can't really see the fine detail from afar, but they're quite eye catching nonetheless. On a slighter closer inspection, the detail is quite intricate and interesting. You can't see in the picture too well, but within the pattern there are two gremlin-fairy-looking things on either side of the Celtic pattern that I thought meshed nicely and gave it some added interest. I am very happy with these earrings and highly recommend them to any silver fans. <end>  Sterling Silver Heart Earrings  I love these earrings. They are very pretty and delicate and have a nice shine. The heart is about the size of my fingernail so if you want a bigger earring this is not for you but the size was perfect for me. The seller was great too -- very fast shipping! <end>  Ear Rings  They arrived in a very nice black velvet bag and will be given as a Christmas gift. They look like quality ear rings. <end>
 B00023K8NE  Starburst Celtic Knot Round Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Excellent quality...  I was very pleased with the Starburst Celtic Knot round sterling silver earring...i have small ear lobes so i have found a gold mine!!!! I will definitely purchase more earrings from this company. <end>  They are as pretty/prettier in person!  These earrings are very pretty. They are a nice size and they aren't heavy at all, very lightweight. I have had them for a week or so now and have gotten nothing but compliments on them. They are great and so is the price! The vendor sent them very promptly and there were no problems. <end>  Wonderful earrings!!  The earrings are more beautiful than they look here, and i've only received praising on them, i recommend them <end>  Great earrings.  I really like these earrings. I also bought "Large Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Hook Dangle Earrings" and both pairs are wonderful. Excellent quality! <end>  Lovely  These were a greatly appreciated gift for my daughter. Since the family is of Irish and Norwegian decent the Celtic motif is very fitting. She wears these earrings all the time. <end>  Too small for an adult  I purchased these as a Valentine's gift for my sister and she is petite; however, she felt they were too small for her....were more appropriate for a tween or teenage girl. Luckily, she has a tween daughter to whom she can give them. <end>  Celtic knot round sterling silver pierced earrings  THese are lovely Celtic knots in a perfect size. They are a delight to wear. <end>  Beautiful Quality Earrings~  I love the quality of these ~ well worth the inexpensive price. They have a thickness and presence that gets many compliments and can be worn daily with anything! Highly recommend these earrings as a gift or for a treat for yourself. you won't be dissappointed in their uniqueness and quality. <end>  Celtic earrings  I have enjoyed these earrings very much. I am happy with the quality and the price. <end>  Very pretty earrings!  I'm really happy with these earrings. The dangle is a solid piece of silver, which I prefer to wires. They're not extremely big but the size is good for me. I wasn't looking for something extremely big and the design is very pretty. I would definitely recommend these. <end>  Versatile Earring  These earrings are pretty and work equally well with casual wear or when I want to dress up a little. The earring is somewhat larger than I expected, but overall, am quite satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Very nice  I just got these yesterday as a Christmas gift- so far they look just like the picture and seem very nice. <end>
 B00023K906  Sterling Silver Marcasite Red Garnet Heart Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Cute for Teen Girl  This ring from Silver Insanity was shipped uber fast! It came in the condition as shown, although the garnet is a little more brown red than the stone pictured. So, of course, stone quality varies. It is sturdy and not chinzy feeling. I'd feel confident purchasing from them again, and my gift recipient will love it. <end>  Beatiful Ring  When I got this ring yesterday, I was so happy. The heart and the stone in it are just the right size (not too big or too small), and it looks much more expensive than it is. It's just beautiful. <end>  very nice  This is the second year I bought celtic jewelry and my wife just adores it. For the price this stuff cannot be beat and will last if u don't ruffhouse it. Yes I like it much and I think i'll buy some for me. <end>
 B00023K910  New Sterling Silver Blue LAPIS Christian Cross Pendant ||	  Silver Lapas Cross  This item was much nicer than I expected, for the price. It accomodates a good size chain. <end>
 B00023K9B0  OM Hindu Symbol of the Absolute Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Item as described  The OM is roughly the same size as the cross I used to wear, and it has the same finish as well (so it fits the chain I already had). It's not at all flashy or gawdy, and it just enough to show your faith to the world. <end>  To all  The product was very small and bendable and not what it looks like online when it in your own hands, but i guess for the price i paid that what you get. Another thing is the shipping was very poor i complained maybe twice before i got my package a month later, after that time i no longer needed it. In a nutshell bad experience. <end>  Really nice quality  I was pleasantly surprised with the high quality of this piece of jewelry, especially in light of its low price. <end>  Good quality  I'm not sure if this item has changed or what, but the one I received isn't easily bendable like a few others mentioned. It's nice quality, not real big or an eye sore like some of the Ohm pendants out there. It's extremely shiny, I like it very much and have no complaints whatsoever. <end>  Poor Quality  Very poor quality with light, bendable silver and very small pendant. Wouldn't even consider giving to a child. What I would consider something you could buy at a flea market. But for that price, I should have known. <end>
 B00023K9C4  Sterling Silver Celtic FILIGREE CROSS Pendant or Charm ||	  Great quality  I love the workmanship in this piece. Nicely done, and Silver Insanity has Awesome customer service. <end>  Beautiful!  The cross is so much better than I expected. I love it! The price was right, and shipping was fast. <end>  Not quite what I had hoped  I was a little disappointed with this product. I had assumed that some sort of "necklace" would come with it. When I viewed the picture with the chain, my brain didn't comprehend 'charm' without chain. It is also of lighter weight that anticipated. I've wanted to wear it several times but cannot as the "necklace" is missing. <end>
 B00023K9GU  Sterling Silver OM Absolute Hindu Symbol Yoga Bracelet ||	  Suprise  My husband suprised me with this bracelet. It is dainty & very well made. <end>  OM Absolute Hindu Symbol Yoga Bracelet  This is a very pretty, dainty bracelet. But the clasp broke after only wearing the item twice. I have an office job and am not rough, the clasp was just too thing and soft and it came right off - not even a way for me to fix. Won't buy again.Also bought a black nylon necklace that the same thing happened. Whatever you're using for the clasps isn't strong enough for even gentle use. <end>  Lovely Om  The Stirling Silver Om Absolute Hindu Symbol Yoga bracelet I received as a gift for Mother's Day is just lovely. It sparkles on my wrist. The bracelet was sent promptly and was received in good condition. I would recommend this company. <end>
 B00023K9H4  Victorian Filigree Blue Lapis Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  Picture doesn't do it justice  I buy a bit of silver jewelry for Christmas and got this with a pair of lapis earrings for my aunt. Very pretty piece. Quick delivery too. Bought it on the 16th of Dec and got it in time for Christmas! <end>  beautiful, VERY POOR QUALITY!!!  the bracelet was BEAUTIFUL, but the clasp broke the first time my mom tried to put it on. I was very disappointed. <end>
 B00023K9HY  Sterling Silver Amethyst Celtic Bangle Cuff Bracelet ||	  Beautiful piece of work, questionable latch  I really like the look and feel of this bangle bracelet.It is a really good size if you have bigger wrists.I have been wearing it for a few days now.It doenst get in the way or become distracting.the stone is set really well.A dainty yet sturdy silver "band"I am not happy about the latch. it is just an open hook.It seems REALLY easy to bang it against something and have it come unlatched, in fact I just set it against my desk and gave it a quick tap on the other side and both times it came unlatched.It was gift from my dh, he states shipping was good, not fast but not too slow. Packing was fine for the bracelet I also have the received the matching necklace.And a minor comparison, the stone in the necklace is much more asthetically attached to the celtic knots then the bracelet. my Bracelet show 4 odd mounting points that space the stone a bit away from the knots, where the necklace is a very fluid, Not something people would really notice admiring my bracelet normally. <end>  Nice  I bought this for my girlfriend and the bracelet looks great. I was a little worried about the clasp before I got it, but it doesn't come undone too easily. The stone looks great and the knotwok is very nice. I had seen a similar bracelet in a store, but I liked this one better. It arrived on time and my girlfriend was very happy with it. <end>  very cool  i am giving it as a gift and they will love it. it will be add to teens jewerly box <end>  Nice product - 0 customer support...  I bought this bracelet by mistake after not noticing that my search for a "garnet" bracelet included this amethyest one. My bad, but after three emails to Silver Insanity with NO RESPONSE to my requests for exhange, I cannot recommend a company such as this. The sad part is, I really like their stuff and have ordered things in the past... <end>
 B00023KA5A  Scottish Celtic Thistle Cloak or Kilt Sterling Silver Pin Brooch ||	  kilt pin  I loved it. My brand new son inlaw wore it on his kilt for the wedding. Very quick service. Tory <end>  Scottish Thistle Pin Brooch  The Scottish Celtic Thisle Cloak Pin looks wonderful on my black wool coat and it sparkles on my red wool scarf. The silver is beartifilly designed; The thistle pin reminds me of the thistle that grew in my yard all summer. <end>  Thistle Kilt Sterling Silver Pin Brooch  The sterling silver thistle pin is actually very well rendered and quite charming. In my opinion, it is a little small to be used on a kilt; but it certainly looks attractive on a jacket lapel or blouse. <end>  Kilt pin  I am very pleased with the service, the quality, the appearance and function of this kilt pin. Thank you for everything. <end>  Beautiful!  This brooch is absolutely beautiful! The picture does not do the extremely fine detailing justice. The clasp is sturdy, and the pin is large enough to secure a kilt or cloak. It also looks lovely on a jacket lapel! So very glad my husband bought this for me! <end>
 B00023KAMS  Southwestern Prancing Horse Pony Sterling Silver Brooch Pin ||	  Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Amethyst Bar Pin Brooch  Beautiful product. Great value. Fast and affordable shipping. <end>
 B00023LSXI  Diamond Initial Pendant "K" in 14k Yellow Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Nice little necklace  This is a great little necklace for the money. It's shiny and petite and looks great on. I bought them for me and my niece who share the same name. The first one I bought had a diamond missing, so be sure to carefully check the package when you buy it. I sent it back and they quickly replaced it. It comes in a really nice box with a little mirror on the inside of the lid which is cute. <end>  Good value for the money  This is a great little necklace for the money. It's shiny and petite and looks great on. I bought them for me and my niece who share the same name. The first one I bought had a diamond missing, so be sure to carefully check the package when you buy it. I sent it back and they quickly replaced it. It comes in a really nice box with a little mirror on the inside of the lid which is cute. <end>
 B00023LUW2  Diamond Initial Pendant "J" in 14k Yellow Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Excellent!  I got this for my wife as a surprise and she loves it. The seller was prompt and courteous and was easy to work with. I completely recommend this! <end>
 B00023XF98  Sterling Silver Amethyst Pendant, 30" ||	  PENDANT TO DIE FOR  THIS PENDANT IS GORGEOUS !!! THE CHAIN IS AWESOME!!!!NEVER HAVE I SEEN A SILVER CHAIN SPARKLE LIKE THIS-JUST LIKE TINY DIAMONDS.I LOVE THIS SET,THE AMETHYST IS BEAUTIFUL, AND LACY AND FEMININE,IT IS ABSOLUTELY HOTTT!!!!!!!! <end>
 B00023XG8S  Sterling Silver Garnet Pendant, 18" ||	  Love this pendant !!!  I just recieved this beautiful garnet pendant, the color of the garnet is perfect,a true burgundy,and the workmanship is excellent,it almost looks like white gold,i am really pleased with it. <end>
 B00024EOEC  Diamond Seahorse Pendant in White Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Beautiful Seahorse Pendant  I purchased this gift as a graduation gift. It came in a wooden box, carefully packed and there was no need for gift wrapping. Great price and fast delivery. <end>
 B00024VSDM  Sterling Silver 10 Row Wire Cuff Bangle Bracelet 1 3/4 inch wide, ||	  Wow.  This bracelet is lovely. The style is simple and elegant and for a small wrist a neat fit -sometimes hard to find in a cuff bracelet . I bought it a few months ago and did not review and felt compelled to do come back and review. <end>
 B00024VSE6  Sterling Silver Navy Blue Color Evil Eye Bracelet ||	  Nice quality, but color is darker than expected  Very nice quality, and a good value for the price. My only quibble is that the navy blue color is more toward the black side of the color spectrum than the blue. The actual item color is far darker than the picture in the listing -- when I first opened the box, I thought they had sent the wrong item. Had to take it out into the sun to see that the beads were a very dark navy blue and not black. <end>  Excellent  I've bought a couple of these now and they're excellent - well packed, too. They are good quality and they last. Very pretty too, just like the description. <end>  BEAUTIFUL  I PURCHASED THIS FOR A GIFT......IT'S WELL WORTH IT......I AM GOING TO PURCHASE ONE FOR MYSELF, BETTER THAN MOST I HAVE SEEN, AND I WEAR MANY BRACELETS, EACH ONE HAS MEANING, SO THIS ONE WILL WORK OUT WELL FOR ME...NAMASTE <end>  I Loved these bracelets  I had just returned from Turkey and did not buy enough gifts! I ordered these bracelets to use as additional gifts for teen girls. They arrived promptly and I loved the quality...looked even better than what I could have purchased in Turkey!!! <end>  Sterling Silver Navy Blue Color Evil Eye Bracelet  Excellent service and beautiful product. Bracelet as described. I would of liked it a bit bigger however still very pleased. <end>  Not the same as the photo  When the bracelet arrived, it was much darker than the blue color in the photo. Also, it appears that the design is within the glass bead. The "eye design" is actually much smaller than shown and protrudes from the surface. I received a similar bracelet from Turkey and I thought it was the same, but unfortunately not. The clasp is good and the bracelet comes inside a nice tiny drawstring bag. <end>
 B00024VSEQ  Sterling Silver Bicycle Chain Bracelet Handmade 3/8 inch (9 mm) Wide,, sizes 8, 8.5 & 9 inch ||	  fabulous  loved the one I received so much, I bought one for a friend who always commented on mine! <end>
 B00025O4RS  Amazon.com  Gypsy Glass Bead Bracelet (safari)  Clothing ||	  Great  The product came quickly and was as shown. My sister loved it. How ever the shipping was way to high. It should have been shipped over night for what I paid. <end>  Talk about fast!  This glass bead bracelet I ordered is just beautiful! I am so pleased with the quality of the materials used. The fast delivery was amazing! I told my husband this evening, next year I'm ordering lots of these for Christmas gifts! Thanks Carolyn for a beautiful bracelet! <end>  Great buy and matches tons of outfits!  My mom requested some fun/chunky bead bracelets for Christmas, and these ended up being the perfect thing! I ordered them in red, blue and green, and couldn't be happier. They're the perfect size for both our wrists, and have sturdy clear elastic that isn't visible through the translucent beads. They stretch easily, but only when you want them to - no problems with them falling off your wrist or anything like that. It should be noted that the beads are slightly darker than they look in the images, though.The shipper upgraded the purchase from ground to express shipping at no additional cost, which was I great surprise! I got them within two or three days (about three days earlier than expected), and had plenty of time to wrap them before the holidays despite having ordered them a bit on the late side (around Dec. 20th). A great buy, and I'll definitely order some more in the future for myself! <end>
 B00025O4VY  Amazon.com  Snow Globe Ring Size 7.5  Clothing ||	  loved but defective  I love this ring and have been wearing one for almost a decade, this is the thrid one i've purchased, all drom different vendors. So when my last one broke i was pretty thrilled to find another one so easily. But i have to say that the dealer hasn't been very responsive. Just two days after getting the ring the liquid started to drip out, and now it's completely dry. I've emailed Carolyn but she never responded about replacing this defective product. So buy this ring from another vendor. <end>  Leaked Too  We loved this ring, but it started leaking with a day or so of receipt  -( <end>  Cute, but leaky  I've now worn this ring twice. The first wearing it was all "snow-globey", but after about 3 hours of wearing it the second time, all the liquid leaked out. It's cute & cheap so I'll buy another one, but beware  it's faulty. <end>
 B00026P5ZM  PalmBeach Jewelry DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia Silver Chandelier Earrings ||	  Fabulous earrings. Highly recommend  I bought these earrings for my wedding. I was a little hesitant buying earrings online and not seeing them first, but the earring are incredible and for such a great price. <end>
 B00026P6SI  Red DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia 18k over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Anillo para damas  Este anillo lo compro mi esposa y segun ella es verdaderamente hermoso, la verdad tiene razon. La tienda ademas de este tiene otros que realmente valen la pena. <end>
 B00026P6TM  Red DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia 18k over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Anillo para damas  Este anillo lo compro mi esposa y segun ella es verdaderamente hermoso, la verdad tiene razon. La tienda ademas de este tiene otros que realmente valen la pena. <end>
 B00026P6TW  Red DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia 18k over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Anillo para damas  Este anillo lo compro mi esposa y segun ella es verdaderamente hermoso, la verdad tiene razon. La tienda ademas de este tiene otros que realmente valen la pena. <end>
 B00026P6U6  Red DiamonUltra&trade; Cubic Zirconia 18k over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Anillo para damas  Este anillo lo compro mi esposa y segun ella es verdaderamente hermoso, la verdad tiene razon. La tienda ademas de este tiene otros que realmente valen la pena. <end>
 B00026P6W4  Men&apos;s 2.47 TCW Square Round Baguette Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  UNSATISFIED WITH PRODUCT  I ORDERED MY HUSBAND THIS RING FOR OUR WEDDING ANNIVERSARY HE ISN'T PLEASED WITH THE RING AT ALL HE SAYS IT IS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE AND WANT WEAR IT IF I COULD I WOULD DEFINETLY GET A REFUND.THANK YOU <end>
 B00026WTS8  One sided Solid Cartouche - Wide - Small up to 4 letters ||	  Great support from the vendor  I called the vendor for details about the cartouche and he was happy to answer all my questions. He also accommodated my special requests, and the cartouche is perfect. <end>
 B00026WTSI  One sided Solid Cartouche - Wide - Medium up to 6 letters ||	  Great support from the vendor  I called the vendor for details about the cartouche and he was happy to answer all my questions. He also accommodated my special requests, and the cartouche is perfect. <end>
 B00026WTSS  One sided Solid Cartouche - Wide - Large up to 8 letters ||	  Great support from the vendor  I called the vendor for details about the cartouche and he was happy to answer all my questions. He also accommodated my special requests, and the cartouche is perfect. <end>
 B00027CUFY  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>
 B00027CUH2  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>
 B00027CUHM  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful  This mothers ring came out beautiful, my mother has not taken it off since I gave it to her . <end>  Beautiful  Was great quality. Fast service. Ring was just as described. My mom loved it and so did the women she works with. I was very pleased. <end>  Top quality ring!  This really is a beautiful ring. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice. We ordered it in white gold, and it is really striking.It was purchased as a grandma's ring, for my mother, but my wife would love to keep it for herself. As mentioned in a previous post the band is thinner than it appears in the photo, however this does not detract from the beauty of the ring. Very pleased with this purchase. <end>  a great mother's ring  Not only is the ring beautiful, the jeweler was very accommadating in having the ring reach us in time. We appreciate the care and quick receiving of the ring. Thank you! <end>  Granny's pride  The ring is absolutley beautiful. The Jewleler' communication skills are great. The ring came beautifully packaged. I get lots of compliments on it. <end>  Genuine 4 Stone and Diamond Mothers Ring  If you want to get her something she'll always treasure, this is it!! It sure did wonders for me also. Friendly folks to deal with, and a beautiful ring. Truely a win, win situation. You can't go wrong! Needless to say, I'm very pleased with my purchase. Thank You finejewelers!!! <end>  Nice Ring!  Great ring with nice Gemstones, the band could have been a little wider. <end>
 B00027DTVI  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>  Wonderful Ring  This was purchased as a wedding ring and my wife loves it. Highly recommended! <end>
 B00027E7I2  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful ring  I received this as a gift from my husband (after much hint-dropping) and could not be more pleased. The quality of the stones is excellent  the deep blue of the sapphires is perfectly offset by the bright diamonds. According to my husband, the ordering process was very easy and the ring was easily returnable (that is, if the price tag was not removed). My setting is in white gold, which has retained its color and has stayed shiny since I received it about 8 months ago. Highly recommended. <end>
 B00027E7IC  Karina B(tm) Genuine Sapphire Band LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful ring  I received this as a gift from my husband (after much hint-dropping) and could not be more pleased. The quality of the stones is excellent  the deep blue of the sapphires is perfectly offset by the bright diamonds. According to my husband, the ordering process was very easy and the ring was easily returnable (that is, if the price tag was not removed). My setting is in white gold, which has retained its color and has stayed shiny since I received it about 8 months ago. Highly recommended. <end>
 B00027I1HK  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027I31E  14K White Gold Round Genuine Ruby Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for myself because I love rubies. I wanted one for a pinky ring, and the filigree makes it just perfect. Love the fact that it is also a natural ruby. Size I ordered fit perfectly. Thumbs up to the seller! <end>
 B00027I37S  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I38W  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027I3HS  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  beautiful emerald ring  Beautiful ring. Fast shipping. Ring fits perfectly and the setting is tight and well made. Ring is tastefully decorated with two diamonds next to center stone. Band is elegantly fashioned with scroll work. Timeless beauty. Thank you. <end>
 B00027I3OG  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  beautiful emerald ring  Beautiful ring. Fast shipping. Ring fits perfectly and the setting is tight and well made. Ring is tastefully decorated with two diamonds next to center stone. Band is elegantly fashioned with scroll work. Timeless beauty. Thank you. <end>
 B00027I3QO  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I3XC  14K White Gold Round Genuine Emerald Filligree Ring ||	  perfect ring  It was sized as requested (it is an unusual size) and the gem was perfect. My wife loves the ring. <end>  really nice!  i really love this ring, i bought it for myself. it is just as it is described and it fits very well. it is made very well and I have worn it for years. it is very worth the price. <end>  Good stone  The color is very good for a "genuine emerald" as described. However, the ring was smaller than pictured, not mentioning the 0.2 carat stone as stated in description but the band is really thin. I am near 5'2 asian but my sis still thought it's a bit tinny. The pictures shown could be a smaller size with thicker band. Mine is a 6. <end>
 B00027I46I  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Filligree Ring ||	  Graceful and Beautiful  I purchased this ring as a gift for my mother on christmas. She wears it proudly as a pinky ring, and is quoted as saying that it captures the beauty and grace of the female. A true treasure for any female. <end>
 B00027I49K  14K White Gold Round Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  Not as great as the pic  This ring is a lot prettier on the screen that when you actually receive it. <end>
 B00027IREC  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027IS9G  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027ISBY  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027ISO6  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027ISXM  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Sapphire Ring ||	  way too small  Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was, way bigger. So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring. <end>
 B00027IT90  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027ITUE  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  Perfect  Bought this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It's perfect for her. Came in a little bag with a teddy bear. Precious. Great buy. <end>
 B00027ITVS  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Beautiful  I think it would probably be better without the diamonds, since they're too small to really add anything to it. I was having a really hard time finding anything like this without diamonds, though. The topaz was actually a bit larger than I expected and is a very beautiful color. I can only hope that she loves it as much as I do. <end>
 B00027ITXG  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027IU44  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027IUGC  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Sapphire Ring ||	  way too small  Well the ring in the picture looked alot bigger than it was, way bigger. So am returning it because it was a gift for my wife and she could bairly see the diamonds in the ring. <end>
 B00027IUGM  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Opal Ring ||	  Wimpy, Wimpy, Wimpy  I was disappointed with the size of the stone. This ring was a little nothing. <end>
 B00027IURQ  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027IV2A  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Beautiful  I think it would probably be better without the diamonds, since they're too small to really add anything to it. I was having a really hard time finding anything like this without diamonds, though. The topaz was actually a bit larger than I expected and is a very beautiful color. I can only hope that she loves it as much as I do. <end>
 B00027IV3Y  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Emerald Ring ||	  Beautiful  Received the ring promptly. It is beautiful. The band is rounded which feels very comfortable. The lil diamond chips really are just chips but nice accents. The heart shaped emerald is just large enough to be noticable, and definitely seen as a heart shape, yet it doesn't snag on clothes. I love my ring. <end>
 B00027LSXE  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LTKG  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  Gorgeous! Everything I expected and then some! Even prettier than the picture. I would recommend this for any woman! Fairly priced, too. <end>
 B00027LTR4  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  my mother loved it  bought this for mothers day it is her birth stone she loved it still wears it 3 years later and it is still intact <end>
 B00027LUB4  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  my mother loved it  bought this for mothers day it is her birth stone she loved it still wears it 3 years later and it is still intact <end>
 B00027LUVO  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  my mother loved it  bought this for mothers day it is her birth stone she loved it still wears it 3 years later and it is still intact <end>
 B00027LV8G  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LVCC  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Filligree Ring ||	  Great Purchase  I love this ring, I wear it practically every day and I couldn't be happier with it. The gold is a little more yellow than it appears in the display image but it still looks amazing with the stone. I am completely satisfied with this purchase. <end>
 B00027LWIA  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Sapphire Filligree Ring ||	  disappointed  was very heartbroken with this product to small not a well made at all wish i would have sent it back <end>
 B00027LX4I  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  Gorgeous! Everything I expected and then some! Even prettier than the picture. I would recommend this for any woman! Fairly priced, too. <end>
 B00027LY0Q  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Filligree Ring ||	  Great Purchase  I love this ring, I wear it practically every day and I couldn't be happier with it. The gold is a little more yellow than it appears in the display image but it still looks amazing with the stone. I am completely satisfied with this purchase. <end>
 B00027LY4M  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Filligree Ring ||	  my mother loved it  bought this for mothers day it is her birth stone she loved it still wears it 3 years later and it is still intact <end>
 B00027LYDS  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Aquamarine Filligree Ring ||	  Aquamarine and Diamond Ring  At 58 years old, this is my first birthstone ring ... and I am DELIGHTED! I was actually jumping up and down in my seat when I opened the box. It is lovely and was in a cute bag with a little bear as a plus!! This is just an awesome, dainty, beautifully colored Aquamarine White Gold Ring. SUPER! <end>
 B00027LYTM  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  Gorgeous! Everything I expected and then some! Even prettier than the picture. I would recommend this for any woman! Fairly priced, too. <end>
 B00027N1D4  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027N1VQ  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027N2YW  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Picture Perfect  The ring was lovely and the opal was stunning. My only regret was it had the prongs and not bevelled. <end>
 B00027NHJM  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NIGO  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027NIQO  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  Nice ring but ouch!  This is a beautiful ring, and I really liked it. Only problem is the stone fell out, and I chucked it int the woods oooopsie! Besides from that little mishap, very nice looking and exquisite design. <end>
 B00027NIS2  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  +++  good design , AAA stone quality (i assume since it change colors it came from africa region)good toy ) <end>
 B00027NJ22  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027NJB8  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  Nice ring but ouch!  This is a beautiful ring, and I really liked it. Only problem is the stone fell out, and I chucked it int the woods oooopsie! Besides from that little mishap, very nice looking and exquisite design. <end>
 B00027NJBS  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027NKFS  14K White Gold Oval Genuine Blue Topaz Men's Men's Ring ||	  my son loves it!  My son wanted a non-traditional high school ring. After looking at the local jewelers and finding cost too high, I decided to check out the offerings on line. My son decided on this ring and he loves it. Shipping was very fast. Had to return the ring for FREE re-sizing and the return was also very quick. The ring looks just as good as any that we would have had to special order at 1/3 of the price. Many thanks. <end>
 B00027Q8UC  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Ring  Is a lovely gift to my daughter and she loves it very much.Thank youChar <end>
 B00027Q8V6  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Opal Ring ||	  not well made  had the ring two and a half weeks and woke up to the stone missing. I was using this as my engagement ring --it was very hard to find a band or enhancer to go with it--I finally found an anniversary band that would work when the opal fell out!!I do not work in construction or do many dishes so I don't know why this did not last. <end>
 B00027Q98S  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Peridot Ring ||	  Ring  Is a lovely gift to my daughter and she loves it very much.Thank youChar <end>
 B00027Q9G0  14K White Gold Marquise Genuine Opal Ring ||	  not well made  had the ring two and a half weeks and woke up to the stone missing. I was using this as my engagement ring --it was very hard to find a band or enhancer to go with it--I finally found an anniversary band that would work when the opal fell out!!I do not work in construction or do many dishes so I don't know why this did not last. <end>
 B00027QB5E  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QB6I  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  rudy ring  Item was smaller than i thought it would be, but i did not measure the size on my own from your description, that was my fault. it is a nice ring though <end>
 B00027QB86  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027QBEU  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Tanzanite Ring ||	  Good ring for the price  I like the ring and tanzanite looks nice as well in the ring and good value for the price as well. <end>
 B00027QBPE  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Amethyst Ring ||	  A great gift  This package arrived quickly, and there was no damage. Another review had mentioned that the ring was much smaller than it appeared to be on the site, and I definitely agree. I would recommend this as a gift for anyone who has smaller hands and doesn't like bulky rings. The quality is wonderful, the stones are cut beautifully and are very clear. Again, highly recommended. <end>
 B00027QBQI  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  rudy ring  Item was smaller than i thought it would be, but i did not measure the size on my own from your description, that was my fault. it is a nice ring though <end>
 B00027QC3U  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Ruby Ring ||	  rudy ring  Item was smaller than i thought it would be, but i did not measure the size on my own from your description, that was my fault. it is a nice ring though <end>
 B00027VUNM  14K Yellow Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Garnet Men's Ring ||	  looks nice, not the best quality.  The ring actually looks nice, but the picture is a little misleading. The whole back of the ring is hollow. Overall, the ring weighs about as much as a ring that you would get in a quarter machine. I can't see how the price can be anywhere over 200 dollars. I'm considering returning this. <end>
 B00027VXPW  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027VXSY  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027VYNI  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027VZ1Y  14K White Gold Emerald-cut Genuine Opal Men's Men's Ring ||	  Enjoyed the ring at first, However.......  I've selected this ring for the beauty shown on display on Amazon. The Opal stone does NOT look like the picture. It's more opaque looking than anything. After a few months of wearing the ring the corners of the stone chipped away and are now loose inside the ring ready to fall out. I would not recommend this ring. <end>
 B00027WGOO  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WGR6  14K White Gold Round Genuine Aquamarine Men's Men's Ring ||	  It's Ok, but don't expect any weight  This is a nice ring, but do not expect it to feel like it is on your finger. There is no weight to it. The stone has a nice cut and color. If you want a nice heavey ring go with sterling. <end>
 B00027WGT4  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WHO8  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Amethyst Men's Men's Ring ||	  Should be better  This ring is a nice piece only due to the fact that the Amethyst is a red-flash, "Siberian" stone, and is natural. The diamonds have a pretty good cut and are OK for what they are. The amethyst suffers due to a very poor cut. The table is much too large and none of the meet-points of the facets are even near correct. The critical angle required for maximum fire and color was lost because of these factors.The setting (finding) has a nice appearance but is hollow cast. This was not evident in photograph published.Overall, one can say "good" but, for the price the quality should have been much better. <end>
 B00027WIE2  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Citrine Men's Men's Ring ||	  beautiful  The ring was as featured. In fact it was even nicer. It was a gift and my husband was very pleased with it. <end>
 B00027WIF6  14K White Gold Round Genuine Aquamarine Men's Men's Ring ||	  It's Ok, but don't expect any weight  This is a nice ring, but do not expect it to feel like it is on your finger. There is no weight to it. The stone has a nice cut and color. If you want a nice heavey ring go with sterling. <end>
 B00027WIJM  14K White Gold Round Genuine Aquamarine Men's Men's Ring ||	  It's Ok, but don't expect any weight  This is a nice ring, but do not expect it to feel like it is on your finger. There is no weight to it. The stone has a nice cut and color. If you want a nice heavey ring go with sterling. <end>
 B00027X10W  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Garnet Solitaire Ring ||	  Just right!  This ring is just right. I do not like overbearding rings.The garnet is big enough for others to see, but not overbearing.It's plain but that is what I like. Some rings are so fancy they aren't pretty at all to me. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B00027X1IO  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Garnet Solitaire Ring ||	  Just right!  This ring is just right. I do not like overbearding rings.The garnet is big enough for others to see, but not overbearing.It's plain but that is what I like. Some rings are so fancy they aren't pretty at all to me. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B00027X2SS  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Garnet Solitaire Ring ||	  Just right!  This ring is just right. I do not like overbearding rings.The garnet is big enough for others to see, but not overbearing.It's plain but that is what I like. Some rings are so fancy they aren't pretty at all to me. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B00027Z2VI  Art Deco Style Sterling Silver Filigree 3 Stone Cubic Zirconia Bracelet ||	  Edwardian Sterling Filigree Bracelet  Beautiful intricate filigree detailing in a vintage replica bracelet. Craftmanship so intricate that it is difficult to distinguish from my authentic diamond vintage jewelry. Makes a great Art Deco piece. <end>
 B000289U6U  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Emerald and Diamond Ring in 14 kt White Gold Size 5 ||	  A nervous buy that worked out great  This was my first jewlery purchase online. I bought this ring as a wedding gift. Shipping was very quick. Upon arrival I opened it and was very pleased. My wife loves it and emerald happens to be her birthstone. Remember that your created stones will be a much clearer prettier stone but I think they look too good and fake. Really, what woman doesn't want the real thing and this is a great value. <end>  amazing engagement ring!  My fiancee gave me this ring for our engagement! The color of the emerald is exquisite, with no cloudy spots. The diamonds are small, but give it a nice sparkle without taking away from the elegance of the emerald. Very luxurious, small ring which works well for an engagement ring because it is comfortable enough to wear all day long. This ring is exactly what I wanted and I am very pleased with it! The shipping was fast and the service was wonderful, as well! <end>
 B00028AW3U  Pugster Detective Face Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Not 'detective' so much as something else  The symbol is used, primarily as I have seen, to represent 'Brown' (Hispanic/Latino) pride. Good quality and price but a white person wears that they better be careful who sees it in some areas <end>
 B0002936EQ  Amazon.com  Dead Beetle Bracelet - Large Lime  Clothing ||	  A smash hit  My girlfriend is a teacher - students are consistently amazed by this bracelet. Decidedly a conversation piece, well worth the purchase. <end>
 B0002936F0  Amazon.com  Dead Beetle Bracelet - Large Amber  Clothing ||	  A smash hit  My girlfriend is a teacher - students are consistently amazed by this bracelet. Decidedly a conversation piece, well worth the purchase. <end>
 B0002936FA  Amazon.com  Dead Beetle Bracelet - Large Clear  Clothing ||	  A smash hit  My girlfriend is a teacher - students are consistently amazed by this bracelet. Decidedly a conversation piece, well worth the purchase. <end>
 B00029JIQ6  Diamond Initial Pendant "A" in 14k White Gold Gift Box Set with 16in. chain ||	  smaller than you might think  The chain is very very think and fragile-looking--more metal thread like than chain. The necklace is, overall, smaller than what one expects of a usual necklace. <end>  gorgeous!!  this pendant is beautiful!! just a little sparkle around your neck.perfect to wear every day. <end>
 B00029U2G6  Extra Large (XL) 14k Gold Hoop Earrings, 2" or 50mm diameter, 2x50mm HYPOALLERGENIC - NO SALES TAX ||	  Securing your earrings  Based on the previous reviewer comment, I looked at the earrings closely. From what I can tell, the hinged post is more easily INSERTED THROUGH the snap end, than actually snapping it in. I have a similar pair and I insert it thru the snap end without any problems. I feel that snapping the delicate end will weaken the clasp as well as the post over time.A reviewer did not like the fact it did not stay fully clasped; I want to point out the reason why earrings such as these have a somewhat tentative clasp is to protect the pierced ear if the hoop is suddenly yanked, either by a child or by some freakish accident like a passing object. The clasp releases from the pierced hole readily with no permanent damage to the ear lobe. The the hinged post will release away from the clasp if there is sufficient pull. <end>  beautiful, but....  I love the size and quality of these hoop earrings and would have given them five stars based solely on their appearance, but the &quot;secure joint and snap closure&quot; is not secure at all. I've already lost one earring because the closure is so difficult to fasten. <end>  Large gold hoop earrings  I ordered these earrings for my British stepdaughter who was going to be visiting her mother in Florida just after Christmas because I couldn't find them in England. She was delighted, so therefore, so am I. I haven't seen them yet, but my wife-in-law said they came in a pretty box and they looked very good. And the price was very good indeed at under $100 <end>  DON'T BUY.  DON'T BUY THIS ITEM.WHEN I ORDERED IT IT BROKE EASILY.I PROMISE I AM NOT LYING.ALSO THEY ARE NOT EXTRA LARGE.BE SURE NOT TO BUY. <end>  I love it  I got this as a present from my husband and I loved it. I have no trouble at all with the hinged post secure snap closure. As a matter of fact I think it would be more difficult to pull the hoop apart to slide the post through the snap end. But if that's easier then do it. I love these earrings. They are sexy.--From the wife. <end>  Easy to loose  They look great and the size it good too but very easy to loose. Just like previous review said. They won't bend so I can get them tighter either. <end>
 B00029X952  Sterling Silver Hand Engraved Heart Locket, 13/16 wide by 13/16 ||	  excellent purchase  It came just in time and was very pretty I didn't realize it came without a chain but that was my mistake for not checking so make sure you know that it doesn't come with a chain <end>  Sterling Heart Locket  I ordered this locket for my daughter who is 8 and she loves it. I also ordered a chain separately. It's very pretty and has held up pretty well to her wear- I didn't want anything too expensive since I'm sure she will lose it eventually! <end>  More beautiful than the picture...  Gave this to my daughter for her 8th birthday. She wanted a locket like her big sisters. She is so pleased with it. It's a very nice size for her. I also ordered a 14 inch chain to go with it that works great. I do wish the bail was a little smaller, but the engraving was much prettier than the photo. <end>  Great gift very nice heart locket  i bought this heart locket for my girlfriend have a great color and shape the only problem is very small for a picture but in general is a great item. <end>
 B0002AAGBG  Gold Thin Mesh Necklace with Floating Bead ||	  Very original yet delicate jewel.  I am truly delighted with the jewel I bought here. It will make a wonderful Christmas present, but I wish I could have kept it for me ! It is really very delicate and original craft, although we find beautiful jewels in Europe, this kind is more difficult to get, especially at this price. Excellent transaction, thank you very much., <end>
 B0002B0J7Q  14k White Bold Pear Blue Topaz & Diamond Pendant - Chain not included - JewelryWeb ||	  great gift!  i had suggested this gift to my father as a gift to my mother for their anniversary and my dad was so proud to give it to her! he had never purchased anything from amazon prior and was very pleased with the quality of the design, the size and clarity of the topaz and the diamonds for the price...thank you amazon for your quality! <end>  She loved it.  This was a Christmas present and it was just what she wanted. Did not need a chain, as this replaced a pc. that did not hold up. <end>
 B0002BLKUQ  10K White Gold 1/10 ct. Diamond "Three Graduating Heart" Pendant with Chain ||	  so beutiful  i gave this as a gift to my mom and she loves it!! <end>
 B0002BQOVQ  14kt White Gold Hoop Earrings- E3500 ||	  Nice earrings  I purchased these earrings for a gift, and they were very nice. They are heavy, and the clasp holds well. My friend really enjoyed them. <end>
 B0002BQP8I  14kt White Gold Ball Earrings- ES1418 ||	  just the perfect size for a baby girl  i lve those earing i orded a bigger size for my older daughter. its worth the price <end>
 B0002BQPXS  14kt Yellow Gold Hoop Earrings- E3027 ||	  Bigger and thinner than expected.  While this earring looks pretty, it's much thinner, lighter and bigger than it seems in the picture, so I'm don't wear them much. I should have returned them, but they were a gift. <end>
 B0002BQQ1E  14kt Yellow Gold Hoop Earrings- E3024 ||	  E3024 earrings, no gram weight, they could be hollow rather then solid 14kt gold  Beautiful pair of hoops however do not indicate if solid or hollow nor the gram weight therefore very difficult to make a decision on purchase. <end>  My wife likes them  I bought these earrings as a gift for my wife. They're pretty. She likes them. What more is there to say about earrings? Oh, except that the posts don't irritate her earlobes the way some do, especially cheap ones. <end>
 B0002C75VI  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Black Sapphire Earring Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Pleased  Well made jewlery. Not too pretentious. Something different than diamonds, a little drak to go with the light, yen and yang if you will. Delivered promptly and well packaged. <end>
 B0002C76FI  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76FS  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 5x3mm Genuine 3 Stone Citrine and Diamond Ring ||	  Very Happy Custonmer  I bought two of these rings. They matched my new wedding ring that I had bought with diamonds and citrines perfectly. The craftmanship was wonderful. The set is wonderful!!!! I'am a very happy customer!!!!! <end>
 B0002C76V2  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C76VC  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C76VM  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C76VW  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Aquamarine and Diamond 3 Stone Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Perfect!  My husband gave me this ring first as a promise ring while we were dating, and I loved it so much that it has continued on as my engagement ring and now wedding ring. It is absolutely beautiful and a fantastic deal for the price! We had looked long and hard for a ring with my birthstone and it is just too perfect for me to part with it. The stones are larger than I expected and as long as you clean the stones occasionally (I rarely do) the blue is absolutely stunning. If we had to, we would make the purchase all over again and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B0002C77I4  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 7x5mm Genuine Tanzanite and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Good stone, but bad band  Received the ring in a timely manner.The stone is lighter and more purple than the blue shown in the picture, but very pretty nontheless. I have not had it appraised and checked by my local jeweler yet, so cannot speak to the quality of the stone. To my ametuer eye, it is satisfying.However, the craftsman work on the band was the crudest I've ever seen. Not sure if it is due to the re-sizing, but I've had rings re-sized before and none came back asymmetrical. <end>
 B0002C9AO8  14kt White Gold Diamond Cross Charm- E8604P ||	  Overstated size  The price is good. But the size is not close to what has described. It is much smaller. It looks and feels 14K gold. But it is thin as a sheet metal. I don't need the fancy jewelry boxes for this kind of pendant. I guess that's where the money went. <end>
 B0002C9PQ6  6.5mm Japanese Akoya White Pearl Earrings in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Okay  They would have gotten 5 stars except I have a dimple in one of my pearls. <end>
 B0002CF56K  Akoya Pink Cultured Pearl Stud Earring (7-7.5mm) ||	  Very good quality Akoya pearls , but not very pink  The pearls in my pair of earrings were not as pink as they appear in the picture. Mine are more of a champagne peach color, although they look pinker if you wear a pink shirt with them. But I like them anyway because they turned out to be an exact match to a pendant I already own. The Akoya pearls in these earrings are very good quality, round and perfectly matched as to size and color. The clutchbacks are not teeny tiny, but are big enough to grasp easily. <end>
 B0002CIKX0  Wallace Three-Drawer Jewelry Chest with Mahogany Lacquered Finish ||	  It's ok  Be aware that the finish, which says glossy is in fact very high gloss. Very Very high shine. I would not have ordered it if the picture had been accurate. It looks like a lovely, flat finish mahogany but looks almost like plastic. However, it is very nicely finished inside with lots of room; so if you don't care what it looks like on your dresser, go ahead and get it. <end>
 B0002CVNI4  14KT 2.10CT Oval Garnet Pendant ||	  Highly recommended  This is a beautiful, excellent quality pendant. The garnet is a deep, rich shade of red, but it isn't so deep and dark that it won't shine or sparkle. It is the perfect size  It's not so big that it's gaudy and tacky, and it's not so small that it's unnoticeable. The chain is thin and delicate. The beautiful gold really compliments the garnet. It comes with a nice little box that can be used for gift-giving. A little assembly required  You have to put the pendant on the chain and attach it to the little display that comes in the gift box, but that is not hard at all. The pendant arrived on the 3rd day after it had shipped.I give the pendant and it's seller 5 stars  -) <end>  Cute stone, nice color, chain too thin.  Good buy for the price. The stone is very cute, I wear it almost everyday. I bought the thicker chain since the chain that came with the stone is very thin though. <end>  good buy!  It's good for the price I paid for it, won't hurt if you lose it, and nice to use daily as added accesory to your get-up. <end>
 B0002CVNJ8  14KT 1.00CT Oval Opal Pendant ||	  Another Great Amazon Experience  I needed this for Valentine's Day and I wasn't disappointed. Their courteous and friendly customer service made me feel like a person and not a number. The Opal was better than described and after shopping around, it was the best bargain that I found. My girl lit up when she saw this and yours will too. I love shopping here! <end>  Chain is too thin  The Opal is beautiful, but the chain is too thin. The chain is so thin, and you need to be extremely dexterous just to get it on. My girlfriend likes it alot, but I need to get a thicker chain so that she won't fear it breaking off of her neck. <end>
 B0002CVNR0  14KT Citrine Earrings ||	  True to meaning!  To begin, these earrings are dazzling! They are the perfect size to make the right impact of class and elegance. Now down to the nitty-gritty. It is believed that the metaphysical properties of Citrine are  increased self-esteem, protection from negativity, promotes clarity of thought and open-mindedness. From my experience, belief is of prime importance. I was in search of something that would impact my mood believed that I found it with these earrings. Additionally, I usually wear these when going out on the town; I've read that Citrine is good for making one more attractive. And it's also been noted that Citrine is good for generating money. I can't affirm that claim. But what I can confirm is that when wearing these earrings, it does have a similar impact to the "evil eye". Either I become oblivious to other people's negativity or they just cosmically work, either way they work in that regard. As for open-mindedness and clarity of thought, I'll attest to that as well. I have a tendency to focus predominantly on the negative (dubbing it as reality), and when wearing these, I just don't feel or think any of it. It allows me to pull the guard down, if only for the time I'm wearing them to be easier and lighter. I invested in Citrine because it was recommended to me. After I saw a woman wearing huge, round Citrine I was hooked! And she explained her experiences wearing them in a very down-to-earth way (non-cosmic, abstract) that appealed to me. And I love the neutral tone of the Citrine. It can be worn with anything and pretty much warms up any skin tone. I highly recommend purchasing these! <end>
 B0002CVNSE  5 Millimeter Pearl Earrings ||	  classic and practical beauty  Every woman needs a couple of basic jewelry wardrobe pieces. Thes are very pretty, and there is no worry about the pearl becoming unglued from the gold post. Love em! <end>
 B0002CVNUW  14KT 6.00CT Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  As beautiful as the picture  Always a little skeptical about buy jewelry over the internet, but these earrings were great. Exactly as depicted. I would gladly order from this company again. Great price, wonderful product. <end>
 B0002CWRS4  United States Marine Corps Italian Charm ||	  well made and good fit  my husband is a former marine so of course i had to have this charm, and i have to say, years later it is still in great condition considering the price and it very well made. <end>
 B0002CWSJ2  Saint Christopher 14kt Gold Oval Medal ||	  Nothing like gold..  We really loved working with this company. The Gold and Diamond Source turned out to be real people who really cared about helping me get the package and the best product on time. Plus my husband loved the medal great quality. If I had the money I would buy gold from them over and over and over. WOW I could just spend the day buying quality gold from this Source. Trust them. <end>
 B0002CWU9A  14kt Tri-Color Gold Locket ||	  Tiny locket with religious cross in center  This locket, although beautiful is for a child. It is very small and dainty. You can't see it in the picture, but there is a cross from top to bottom and side to side. It is a shame that you can't see it and get a real idea of what you are buying. As I do not give religious gifts to anybody, and certainly would not wear one myself, I had to return the locket. If you know a child that you would like to give a gift for maybe a confirmation, or even a birthday, this is a beautiful locket. <end>
 B0002CWUJK  Letter "A" Initial Pendant ||	  small and flimsy!  This looks nice in the picture, but it is terribly small and flimsy! It is awfully cheap-- I'm afraid it will bend if I touch it too hard! Suitable for a baby's bracelet only! <end>
 B0002CWWIE  1/2ct Total Weight Princess Cut Diamond Earrings Set In 14kt Gold Leverbacks. ||	  Beautiful Earrings!  These are petite but have great diamond presence. The only improvement they could make is to offer them in White Gold as well! <end>
 B0002CWZOA  1/2ct Total Weight Round Brilliant Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  Gold is minimal  My wife has been wearing these for a year now. They turn her ears green. The gold plating must be very thin! <end>  Beautiful  I like earrings I can put in and leave. These are a perfect size, not too small and not too large. I put these in the day they arrived and they've been there ever since. I have trouble wearing some earrings but these have been awesome. They are also quite beautiful. <end>  Beautiful  I gave them as a gift and my wife loved them almost started to cry.very fast turn around time. <end>
 B0002CWZPY  1.00ct Total Weight Trillion Cut Cubic Zirconia Earrings ||	  Beautiful CZ earring at reasonable price  I liked the earrings for the look of the CZ and representing the picture. However the back is TEENY TINY and very difficult to use. I'd prefer spending more money and getting a back like seen in photos. <end>
 B0002D8G24  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Initial Letter T Alphabet Pendant, 1/2 inch long ||	  Letter T necklace  I wanted a letter T to signify my son's name. Unfortunately it looks more like a cross..not the fault of the company, just the nature of the letter T. It is a nice necklace, no complaints there. <end>
 B0002D8GFG  Sterling Silver Floating Heart Necklace Flawless Quality, 3/4 x 3/4 inch wide ||	  necklace  I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the product both heart and chain. Excellent price for the productFlawless Sterling Silver Floating Heart, 13/16" X 13/16" <end>  My Girlfriend loved it  Well,It was really amazing to see how my GF love the flawles sterling silver floating heart. The thing is that design and shape of heart makes it very unique I'd say. On the downside I can say that the chain was not that well designed but it good pretty good with heart itself. All in all I would recommend it. <end>  Arrived promptly. My wife is happy. I am too  )  This is a wonderful piece of jewelry. I am happy I got this as a gift for V-Day. It is simple but very stylish and classy. <end>  Beautiful, I love it!  My husband gave me this necklace for our last anniversary. It's beautiful, shiny, substantial without being heavy, and very uniquely shaped. It's classy looking and I wear it more than any other necklace. It looks good on any kind of chain too. <end>  Great for a present  I gave this as a Christmas present to my girlfriend and she loves it. It's very beautiful sterling silver heart. <end>  Excellent item  Looks even better by far in person. Chain is beautiful, almost worth buying the necklace just for the chain. <end>  I absolutelyyy love it  Flawless Sterling Silver Floating Heart, 13/16" X 13/16"I recieved my beautiful heart shaped necklance.perfectly packaged & its beautiful I love it <end>  Nice Necklace  I bought this necklace for my girlfriend for our one year anniversary and she loved it! It looks very nice and it was the perfect gift! <end>  Floating heart  Wow! This is so beautiful! I really like this! I would buy it again. Very impressed! <end>  Love it!  I just got this necklace as a gift off my wish list and love it. It is simple and clean. The chain is really nice and the heart is sturdy! I'm so glad I got it. <end>  Beautiful!  The heart was flawless and beautiful! The chain was light and the perfect length. It will look great with anything. <end>  Luv it!  This piece is simple, yet striking! Perfect size and looks great with anything from casual to dressy, I highly recommend! <end>  Beautiful Heart  I got this for Christmas. The heart is very beautiful and the perfect size. The chain is really cute too, and although it gets dirty quickly (like all the other sterling silver jewelry)you can clean it to shine easily with a silver cleaner. I wear it all the time, and the size and shape of the heart make it a great, feminine accessory. I'm very pleased with it. The only thing I don't like is the box -- very dull looking, and too simple to encase this heart. So I thought about taking one star off the product, but since I was just rating the heart, I gave it 5. <end>  "Flawless" should be in quotations  It seems like I had an unusually bad experience ordering this product. It shipped quickly, but the cheap little box the pendant and chain arrived in was completely smushed by Amazon's packaging. Also, "flawless" is a bit misleading. The pendant arrived with very visible dark tarnish stains on the front, instantly requiring cleaning/polishing before I can even gift it. I haven't tried to polish it yet, but to have jewelry arrive that's not ready to be given as a gift is a pain in the butt. <end>  Wow, Expectations Exceeded!  I left the jewelry industry about 10 years ago, and absolutely Loathe paying retail. My daughter had a similar necklace I'd gotten elsewhere years ago, but even though it was sterling, it had become discolored due to contact with chemicals. To cheer her up, I researched having it remade in scrap gold I had (would've cost over $200... with ME supplying gold), then tried finding one in sterling. Not only is this one about twice the weight of her original one, it had a much better chain (snake style), and Looks Fantastic! I was really leary about buying jewelry online, even going as far as to contact the seller to ask a question, which they promptly answered. It was a great purchase, Excellent value, and great customer support. <end>  reasonable expectations  I was afraid that I would be dissatisfied with the purchase..I am both frugal and picky. I was afraid it would be too small, or featherlight hollow.I was really surprised to find this would be everything I hoped it to be. It is definitely larger then a quarter. It is of the quality I would expect from a jewelry store.The recipient, loved it and I have not seen it off her neck since.I would be confident buying from this seller. <end>  Unique Heart, Sturdy Chain  I bought this for my wife for Christmas 2009. I never thought of buying jewelry online before, but I didn't have the time nor desire to fight the mall traffic and I think of most jewelers has sheisters anyway, so I felt comfortable after reading the reviews on Amazon.The heart is unique in that the chain flows through it. Both the heart and chain feel sturdy; I was expecting a thin/cheap chain to accompany the heart, so I was pleasantly surprised. The only thing I think could be improved is the packaging. The item basically came in a plastic bag inside a very small, flimsy box. I had to rummage through some old jewelry boxes that my wife had in a drawer in order to really make it presentable as a gift.All in all, I think it's a great item and it was well-received. <end>  Great gift  I'm always looking for different jewelry ideas for my other half for gifts, and when I seen the Amazon combo, this paired with the heart earings, I knew I had a good one here. It was a hit with her for a Christmas gift.The heart and chain appear to be fairly solid, especially the chain seemed more solid than your average chain that comes with pendants. The open heart sliding on the chain is a neat idea and not something that is often seen. The price seemed a little high for this item, that is why I give it 4 stars out of 5. I have seen similar for less money, but maybe you get what you pay for. All in all very good quality and an excellent gift. <end>  Nice  Why you may wonder I wrote this tittle, nice, well to tell you the truth I brought this chain to my girlfriend and she was pleased, indeed, sadly the chain has a mayor issue, its weak and can break in a hearthbeat, yes I still have the chain but as you may guess already it's broken. <end>  great heart pendant, poor chain  The heart pendant is good looking, very shiny and a good weight and from the reviews I've read the shine on the heart will stay. I was disappointed in the chain as the lobster clasp did not close all the way and it seemed a bit flimsy (also mentioned in some reviews). I've ordered a separate chain and if it works, then I'll use it for the heart to give as a special gift. If not, then I'll send all back. Not happy about ordering another chain, but the heart was just what I was looking for. <end>  love it  The chain alone is great, very sturdy. the Heart is flawless and very beautiful. My girlfriend loves it. what more can i say? its a great necklace. very much worth the money, but for her i would have paid more for this beaut. <end>  Very elegant....but.....  So I bought this as a Christmas gift for my wife. As soon as she saw it, she loved it. I put it on and she had a big smile on her face. About 2 minutes later, the smile turned to a quick grimace of pain. I asked her what happened, and she said that the necklace just pulled some hair on the back of her neck. This has been the chief complaint from my wife about the necklace. At least every other day I take it off her to cut off the hair that gets tangled in the chain. The heart itself is fine, but the manufacturer of the chain should make some of the wives of employees try it on for about a week.... they would make a big change if that were to happen.... <end>  Great Gift!  My boyfriend got this necklace for me as an early first anniversary present. I love it! It is a beautiful gift, not to big and very elegant. I will wear it everyday if I can! <end>  I love it!  I ordered this for myself. I was nervous about ordering jewelry online without being able to see it, but the product description was very accurate as was the photo. Actually, it's a little prettier than the photo and you really can't tell how shiny it is. It has a nice weight and a solid feel. The chain is also shiny and looks like liquid silver. I can't say how well it will hold up as I've only had it for a few days, but it looks like I will be enjoying it for a long time. For the price (it comes with the chain) how can you beat it? <end>  Beautiful necklace, my GF loves it  My girlfriend couldn't be happier with this surprise Christmas gift. It is very elegantly designed, my only complaint is that the clasp for the chain often catches lots of hair in it. <end>  Great as a gift, with fast shipping, too.  Very quick shipping - I ordered it on the 5th, promptly got the tracking info, and it was delivered across the country on the 7th.The heart and chain were great, exactly as described, and much enjoyed by the recipient. It was a birthday gift, so that was a relief. I am glad I trusted all the glowing reviews here. Thanks, Amazon-reviewers! <end>  Very Nice!  I ordered this necklace for my girlfriend, when it came in i was very satisfied with the necklace it is very good quality. She loved it!  -) <end>  Floating heart  I bought this as a present for my daughter, but when it came, I wanted to keep it! It is pretty, lays well and has a beautiful chain! She loves it too! <end>  just like picture  I bought this last Christmas for a friend and she absolutely loved it. Looks just like picture or even a little better. Very pleased. <end>  Love At First Sight!!!  A few days ago, I received the "Sabrina, Flawless Sterling Silver Floating Heart". It was love at first sight!!! The quality of the chain and the unique design of the pendant is superb, especially for the price! This is a perfect gift for any occasion. I had purchased this necklace for myself; however, I will be ordering several more to surprise members of my family. Enjoy!! Joni Collura <end>  Wish the chain did not break so easily  Aloha. My first review for Amazon. I gifted this necklace to myself for my birthday. Reading all the 4/5 star reviews and being impatient, I ordered it early. Shipping was fairly quick as usual. Thank you! I was extremely happy when it arrived and quickly placed it on myself. Simple AND beautiful. The chain alone was beautiful and a + bonus that it did not kink or pull on my long black hair. Immediate 5 star rate! I've pretty much worn the necklace everyday until........the chain broke. Only 3 weeks have passed. In the 2nd week, I noticed the chain had lost it's color and shine. By the 3rd week, the chain was looking black. The floating heart pendant is creatively and simplistically designed. Love it! But, it too started to lose its luster. Embarrassed by the blackness of the chain, I had planned to clean it with a sterling silver cleaner. But while I was (gentle-as-can-be) unclasping the necklace the chain broke. Very disappointed and I was NOT able to wear it for my birthday. <end>  Nice product  Wasn't sure what we were getting into buying this online and not really being able to see it. Thependant itself is very nice and while we may end up replacing the chain its ok as is. I didnot like the cheap packaging it came in, being a gift you would like a little more thana plastic bag and box. <end>  Beautiful!!  I ordered these for my children's teachers for Valentine's Day and they are gorgeous! I tried one on and would love to order one for myself. It looks expensive and unique. It is a great piece for a heart lover! <end>  Looks more than its worth.  I brought this from my sister, and she and her peers loved it. <end>  It's ok  This necklace is cute, but nothing special. In fact, I like the chain more than the floating heart. If this was priced lower I'd give it 5 stars, but it's not worth the $36.95 I paid for it. <end>  No problems  It arrived in excellent condition and was proccessed and shipped pretty fast--which was good because I was in a bit of a time crunch. No qualms and I would be happy to do business again in the future. <end>  Loved it  Girlfriend loved it. Only negative is it doesn't come in a nice box, only a plastic bag. <end>  Good call  I was looking for something a little different to get for my niece. So, I took the advice from Amazon on what to get her. I just typed in her age and relation to me and it made some suggestions. Among the suggestions, I looked over all the reviews, which were very helpful. This particular necklace got among the highest and it got rave reviews from my niece. I'd recommend it if you have a hard to shop for teenage relative. So far, she hasn't taken it off since Christmas. <end>  Nice necklace  Exactly as described, good quality, received sooner than promised. Very nice gift for our granddaughter.Didn't come in a jewelry quality box, but we had one we were going to use. <end>  Stunning Piece  My boyfriend surprised me with this necklace for my birthday almost seven months ago and I have since only taken it off to shower and exercise. At the beginning, it began to appear dirty after a couple of months so I took it to a local Kays jeweler and they cleaned it for free with just a silver cleaning wipe and I was very impressed with the results. I bought a case of my own wipes but haven't had to use a single one since. It has retained its shine very well. The original snake chain my boyfriend presented me with actually broke (the clasp malfunctioned) so I had to replace it. I really like the design of the heart pendant-- it is elegant, sophisticated, and modern all at once. My boyfriend and I sometimes disagree on style (I prefer more edgy styles while he is a bit more traditional) and sometimes have very differing opinions but we both love this pendant. This is definitely something that you can wear everyday and can dress it up or dress it down-- it is very versatile. I couldn't be more pleased with this pendant. I would definitely recommend it to anyone of any age for any occasion. <end>  Good Surprise  I bought this as a gift and it turned out great. I was skeptical at first but it looked great when it was delivered. I has not turned green or darkened as I feared it would, so over all it was a nice surprise. Good price and great shipping. <end>  Beautiful and unique.  I love this. It is so simple, yet beautiful and unique. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for the perfect gift. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!  This looks absolutely beautiful on our 18 year old granddaughter. She wears it all the time. Highly recommend for any age. We bought the Sterling Silver Guardian Angel Pendant for her twin sister. Both are beautiful necklaces. <end>  Trouble opening sterling silver clasp  Gave the sterling heart necklace and chain to granddaughter for her b-day. She loved it, but when trying to open the small clasp, there appears to be a tiny round ball within the clasp. We could not get it open and didn't want to break it. Did anyone have that problem? Maybe we were not opening it properly. If so, please reply. Would appreciate any advice. <end>  A beautiful shaped heart.......  This is much more beautiful than the photo that was there when I bought it. I love this heart. The size is perfect, <end>  My wife loved it  I was leary of buying jewlery on the internet without touching/seeing for myself. This was very well received and worn quite often. she loves it. <end>  Small heart that's perfect for me  I bought this heart wondering if it would be too big and bulky. I assure you that it is not too big. I liked how my necklace can be entertwined through it. I recommend this pendant completely if you want a heat pendant that is a little different than the glass ones on Amazon. <end>  Birthday gift for girlfriend, very nice!  I gotta say, I'm very impressed at this necklace. I'm a 26yo guy that knows virtually nothing about jewelry, but this necklace exudes high quality. It has little "Italy" stamps on the necklace, which I like. I returned the first necklace I bought on here, and this one is 100% better. <end>  Great product  I bought this to surprise my girlfriend of 4 months with something that wasn't too pricey but still had some looks to it. As soon as she Saw it she loved it. She's worn it everyday, even while sleeping and showering. The heart has not lost its shine, and it still looks brand new. It's been a little less than a month and I'm pretty surprised the chain hasn't lost its shine either.I would definitely recommend this product. <end>  nice  Just not as large at I thought it would be for the price. It is very nice, piece would get for teen, or new mother <end>  Good Quality for the Price!  I purchased the necklace and gave it to my wife for Valentine's Day. She loves it and says that the chain is also good quality. I would recommend this to any male who is seeking female favor. <end>  AN INSTANT FAVORITE  This is a nice sturdy piece that is substancial enough to be worn alone. Great craftsmanship and fast delivery. Thanks! <end>  great girlfriend gift  i bought this gift for my girlfriend for her birthday and she loves it. when i got it my dad saw it and he asked me to send him the link for the website i think he wants do some early x-mas shopping <end>  Great Girlfriend Gift!!!  I bought this for my girlfriend for a Christmas and she absolutely loves it. Never takes it off!! <end>  floating heart gift  Item received quickly, received in good condition and exactly as described. Satisfied with purchase. <end>  perfect  Loved it! Got here in great time, looks great on. Wish the chain was a little longer, but really, no complaints. Have gotten several compliments each time I wear it. Would buy from this seller again. <end>  GREAT  Everyone who has seen this seems to love it. Seems to be made pretty well too. <end>  Flawless heart from Amazon  Arrived quickly. Much more interesting than the standard glittering pre-teen junk. Chain is beautiful, heart is exactly as depicted. LOVE IT! <end>  gift purchase  Very cute, perfect size for a young lady to wear at the "heart" of her neck. Chain strong, smooth rope like feel. <end>  Lovely  I just bought this as a present for my girlfriend and it's beautiful. Perfect size and it's really flawless silver. It arrived earlier than I expected. <end>  The Wife Loves It  Nice solid sterling silver chain and pendant. Very sleek heart and the way it hangs looks very classy. The serpentine chain is thin (but not tiny) and very feminine. The hook clasp is easy to fasten. Amazon had a good price so not only is it nice, it's a good buy. <end>  love it  I love this necklace girlfriend fell in love with it when she opened up the box. the only bad thing is is that the chain pulls her hair. different chain would be nice but it is a great necklace <end>  Love it!!!  My grandson gave this to his girlfriend for her birthday...he was so pleased when it arrived and she loves it....highly recommend this item.... <end>  Love it  My husband bought me this necklace because I saw it on Amazon. It is prettier in person. Great quality and very elegant looking. You can wear it for formal and semi-formal occasions. It is one of my favorite necklaces. I have bought a few of Sabrina Silver's pieces and they are all great. <end>  Sterling silver heart  I thought that this was just what I had ordered. It's a real simple piece and you can wear with anything. I really was happy with this purchace and of course will be looking to by from seller again! <end>  love it  The necklace looks great when wearing it. The length is perfect. The chain is a snake or rope style so it does not kink or break like typical link changing will. <end>  excited  this was a gift for my wife and she was so excited when she got it. she wear's it all the time and gets alot of compliments at work. <end>  Floating Heart  I got this one for my wife of 37 years for Valentines Day, and she absolutely loved it. Wears it a lot, so that tells me she likes it.She says she likes the beauty, simplicity, and the illusion that this unique piece has. Thanks!!! <end>  Great looking necklace.  This necklace has a great looking silver finish and solid chain. A very nice necklace for the price. <end>  A sure winner  This is a great piece for a gift, not too extravagant but very classy. My girlfriend has worn it for almost a month and says she get complimented on it quite a bit. It's made of quality material and just looks good, especially on a special someone. <end>  Chain color and shine wears off in 6 months!  When you see a product with all(but one) reviews giving it a perfect 5, you are forced to stop and think. The product and the price poses a challenge which I guess other sellers will find difficult to match.I gifted this to my girlfriend, and she was absolutely gaga over it! It has a sleek but solid chain, and the design is very delicate. Perfect for someone you love!A must have!!updated on 1/4/2010 - I had initially rated this at 5, but learnt that the shine and color had worn off after 6 months. I would still rate it as 4 if this is selling for $25, but at what it is priced now, thats not possible.updated on 3/26/2011 - The above update pertains to the chain and not the heart itself. The heart still retains its shine and look after so many months. But ouch!, the current price is almost 2.2x of what I paid when I bought it.updated on 2/15/2012 - Another V'day went by and the heart still shines like new. I would like to clarify that the snake chain lost the shine/ color and was probably caused by exposure to moisture in the air. When I got it, it was in the low 30s price range. I have watched this item over a long time and see that the price does fluctuate over time, and occasionally based on probably market dynamics, this item goes from high 70s/ low 80s price to the low 30s that i bought it at. <end>  bought this at target  I bought this EXACT necklace at target for like $19 ... very cute but it's cheaper there and the same sterling silver with same 18" chain. <end>  Floating Heart Pendant  The simplistic beauty of this pendant is priceless.I love the Chain it comes with. Smooth as Silk on your skin. Looks pretty w/ the Heart Charm or worn alone. Makes for an easy glide of the pendant. No kinks or pulls of the skin or hair.The Floating Heart is a nice sized Piece.Lovely addition to your pendant collection.Basic Beauty.Love it!! <end>  Exceeded My Expectations!!  Just received the pendant and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the product. It will make a nice addition to my silver jewelry wardrobe!!! I'm going to buy one for my sister's birthday next month! <end>  Girlfriend wears this more than anything else!!!!  Excellent piece for the money. Very simple but I love the design. Looks just like the picture. Can't vouch for longevity as others have written but will come back in a few months to let you know.EDITED  5 months later....Girlfriend is now my fiance and she still wears it daily and it still looks brand new!!!!UPDATE  10 months later.....Fiance still wears it all the time. WORD OF CAUTION!!! Don't wear it in a hot tub, or at least if the chemicals aren't balanced. It tarnished and looked awful. The good news is it cleaned very easily with a silver polish and looks like new again. <end>  Quality product and service  Sterling Silver Floating HeartThis floating heart is lovely. I purchased it for my wife for part of her Christmas present and I'm sure she will love it. Sabrina Silver offer faultless service and I can't complain about the product quality or service from Sabrina Silver.Thank you <end>  beautiful  i bought this as a gift and examined it closely upon deliveryi wished i had purchased another for myselfit was just beautiful! <end>
 B0002D97SG  18" Sterling Silver Wheat Chain ||	  INFERIOR  It tarnished quickly, cleaned poorly. After a month i threw it away. Its a waste of money. <end>
 B0002D9DGC  Ladies Ruby and Diamond Ring ||	  A wonderful ring  At first when i got the ring, it seemed a little small, but when i gave it to my girlfriend, she absolutely loved it. She told me, that she doesn't like big rings, and that one was perfect. She wears everyday now because she says it's her lucky ring. Im glad i picked it... <end>  A wonderful ring  At first when i got the ring, it seemed a little small, but when i gave it to my girlfriend, she absolutely loved it. She told me, that she doesn't like big rings, and that one was perfect. She wears everyday now because she says it's her lucky ring. Im glad i picked it... <end>
 B0002D9Q5A  2.4MM 14kt Gold Flat Diamond Curb Necklace ||	  Great value for what you get  I had a hard time finding an affordable curb chain that wasn't too chunky with the right design. Most of the smaller chains seemed overpriced for their size, or look bad. I looked around for a long time at jewelers and other websites, and this is the best deal I found. The seller delivered the item overnight (which was impressive to me), and I received the item about three days after placing the order. The item is exactly as advertised and even better in person than I imagined. I would definitely buy again from this seller. <end>
 B0002D9Q64  2.4MM 14kt Gold Flat Diamond Curb Necklace ||	  Great value for what you get  I had a hard time finding an affordable curb chain that wasn't too chunky with the right design. Most of the smaller chains seemed overpriced for their size, or look bad. I looked around for a long time at jewelers and other websites, and this is the best deal I found. The seller delivered the item overnight (which was impressive to me), and I received the item about three days after placing the order. The item is exactly as advertised and even better in person than I imagined. I would definitely buy again from this seller. <end>
 B0002D9YPM  18" Sterling Silver Wheat Chain ||	  INFERIOR  It tarnished quickly, cleaned poorly. After a month i threw it away. Its a waste of money. <end>
 B0002DSOD0  14kt Solid White Gold Initial "J" Charm - LET101J ||	  Not what I ordered  I ordered a Script "J" and received a Print "J" since it was for a teacher it was okay but changed style in the transfer. Cross bar of the "J" thinner than the vertical. Didn't look right. Dissappointed . . . <end>
 B0002E1PQ2  7" Braided Leather Bracelet with Pink Freshwater Pearls ||	  High quality  I was very pleasantly surprised when I received my bracelet that the quality of the pearls and leather exceeded my expectations based on the price. The bracelet is very comfortable to wear and the pearls have a wonderful lustre. This bracelet definitely holds it's own against the higher-priced, name-brand version! <end>
 B0002E47J4  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings U-Shape, 1/2" tall ||	  Stylish,comfortable..but limited durability  These earring are very cute, maybe sophisticated too.They are simple and classic in design.The only flaw of these earrings is that the Hinge cannot take Extended wear.I began to find them on the floor,( my girlfriend did sleep with them on (that's how comfortable they are )I recommend you buy a few pairs, they're very inexpensive and especially if you like the look. <end>
 B0002E47KS  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings for men and women, Round Shape, 1/2" tall ||	  very happy  I purchased these earrings and they are perfect. very shiny and classy looking. I ordered them Dec 30 and recieved them Jan 3 very quick to recieve, thank you cindy from Iowa <end>  nice  the item i received was packaged nicely and earrings were a very good buy I enjoy wearing them <end>
 B0002E47L2  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings for men and women, Round Shape, 3/4" tall ||	  Beautiful and receive many comments about them  The earrings needed to have the stud ends filed down to remove the lightening charp ends, but other than that, they look awesome and look great. <end>
 B0002E47MQ  Sterling Silver Flawlessly Finished Huggie Earrings Square Shape, 1/2" tall ||	  Silver huggie  Very comfortable, as a matter of fact so comfy I have had them on for three days. Great style! <end>
 B0002E5VE4  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Multi-Color Crystal 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Hoop Earrings ||	  Pretty, but very heavy.  Bought them for my mom because she liked the picture. Too heavy to wear for long, but very shiny. She likes them. <end>  Very pretty.  Love them. They are a little heavy but I am use to wearing little earrings or studsso I think Im just not use to it. Bigger than I expected but really shinny and pretty. <end>  very nice looking earrings  I was looking for a nice pair of gold tone hoop earrings and i ordered these and i gotta say im very pleased with them, the size of the earrings i would say are medium size, not too heavy, and the crystal colors are lovely. They are perfect for the price i paid. <end>
 B0002E7BTC  Hello Kitty 3-Drawer Tin Jewelry Box ||	  GREAT PRODUCT  THIS JEWELRY BOX IS VERY PRETTY & DURABLE. THE DRAWERS ARE LARGE ENOUGH TO STORE MANY PIECES. <end>
 B0002EBJ2M  Liquid Silver Necklace - 18 inches in length ||	  Beautiful  This is a beautiful necklace it is elegant enought to be worn withevening clothes and casual enought for blue jeans. <end>
 B0002EBJ6I  Sterling Silver Heart Shape Floral Locket ||	  Great Value!  Although the piece is extremely lightweight, it appears well and solidly constructed, especially the hinge and closure. By comparison, another locket from Amazon itself at the same price point was small and tinny with a particularly poor hinge and closure. This one might be questionable as a gift since it feels a little unsubstantial, but great for my purposes. <end>
 B0002F5SVY  Amazon.com  Pave Cat Ring by Baby Phat (Silver Tone / 8)  Clothing ||	  question  hey i was wondering if you would have this ring but in a gold tone? <end>
 B0002FHFAG  14kt White Gold with Cubic Zirconia Huggie Hoop Earrings Inside and Out. 1/8" Wide By 5/8" High ||	  gorgeous and Glamorous  These very comfortable earrings add razzle dazzle to any outfit casual or for a ritzy night on the town.Can't go wrong with these knock-outs. <end>
 B0002FQBI8  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Ring Band Size 5(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  INTELLIGENT ANIMALS I LOVE  NO, I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES. I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES; BUT, SO AM I. WELL, ALL ANIMALS. HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON. REGARDS,DH <end>
 B0002FQBJ2  Horses Sterling Silver Running HORSE Ring Band Size 8(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  INTELLIGENT ANIMALS I LOVE  NO, I DO NOT THINK THAT I COULD LOVE THEM AS MUCH AS MY SISTER-IN-LAW DOES.SHE HAS TWO OF THE MOST GORGEOUS ONES ON EARTH AND THEY ARE JUST HER BABIES. I ORDERED THIS FOR HER-AS WELL AS ANYTHING I COULD AFFORD BECAUSE SHE IS NUTS WHEN IT COMES TO HORSES; BUT, SO AM I. WELL, ALL ANIMALS. HAVING THEM AROUND ME MAKES ME A HAPPIER PERSON. REGARDS,DH <end>
 B0002FQBJW  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Sun Cross Pendant with Garnet and 18" Necklace ||	  poor quality  The silver overlay is peeling off upon opening the item. My daughter loves the design so much, she doesn't want me to return it. <end>  Excellent!  I bought this pendant for my wife, and she was really happy with it. The clasp holding the garnet is quite sturdy, and the snake chain is the perfect length. All in all, a nice piece of silver jewelery. <end>  Good Quality  Good quality celtic necklace. Really pretty and shiny. The garnet is not too red. I bought it for my sister for her birthday, garnet is her birthstone and she loved it. She still wears it. <end>  Sometimes you get what you want.  Shopping in the internet age is a little more treacherous, if we rely on the digital world for our reality we will descend immediately into a nether-world that will be almost impossible to get out of. But sometimes we come up with something that transcends expectations. Thank you. <end>  Nice detailed piece  Very nice piece with very nice chain. It is lighter in weight than I expected but it is a nice size. Lovely detail on the cross portion, great for everyday wear but may be too detailed for Ren Faire. Chain is lovely as well. Garnet is well set, centered. Overall a nice piece. <end>  ruby cross  This is a very nice finish ruby cross very happy with purchas. a little larger than I thought it was going to be. <end>
 B0002FQC0U  Sterling Silver Byzantine Chain and Black Onyx Bracelet ||	  I Love it!  I'm 14, but my mom raised me to enjoy stuff like this. I got it and am incredibly pleased. It fits snuggly on the wrist and is comfortable. My only complaint is the clasp is a bit hard to put on, but I still love it ^_^. <end>  byzantine silver and onyx bracelet  I was very disappointed in this purchase. It looked more like a man's bracelet. I returned the item. <end>
 B0002FQC1Y  Catholic Italian Sterling Silver Rosary Beads Cross Bracelet 7" ||	  Silver Rosary Bracelet  The bracelet was exactly as described. I gave it as a gift to my friend and she loved it. She wears it all the time. It is a perfect length and very shiny. Totally worth the price, which is a good deal. <end>  Beautiful but....  I was really excited to receive this bracelet in the mail. It's beautiful, smaller than it looks in the picture and a simple addition to any outfit. Unfortunately, it broke about a month after wearing it. The clasp snapped & I am unable to wear it anymore. I would've given this item a higher rating if lasted longer. <end>  A Blessing  It was the perfect size, it arrived fast, in new condition as stated. Would purchase from this seller again. <end>  Very Pretty  I received my bracelet today. How delighted I was when I opened the package. The bracelet is so pretty. Looks so feminine on your wrist. I think it's a great bargain. <end>  My favorite bracelet!  I ordered this bracelet for my mom for her birthday and fell in love with it when i seen it. I though it would have rusted in a few months or even broke but a year later it is still like new so i ordered one for myself. Great gift and price. <end>  My Favorite Bracelet!  I LOVE this bracelet! It's delicate and beautiful. It is my new favorite, I wear it just about every day by itself, or layered in with other bracelets. It looks nice with other bracelets with round beads. It fit wonderfully. Arrived promptly. <end>  Gift from my son. Love it!  My son bought this for me this past Christmas, and I've been wearing it day and night ever since. It's is a great braclet, very sturdy despite the dainty look. I find it really comforting to wear, great reminder to stop and spend some time with God. The religious aspect of the bracelet is very understated. A subtle reminder that God doesn't need to scream, when He can just whisper. I find it really comforting, and use it as a reminder to always keep prayer and meditation close by. <end>  beautiful and sturdy  I purchased this item over three years ago and it has lost little of its original luster. It's size is perfect on me, even with my slender wrists. In my delight with this product, I purchased other rosary bracelets for "dressy" occasions (from other vendors/suppliers) that have long since broken and rusted ... where my "everyday" rosary bracelet keeps going strong. I am writing this review as I prepare to purchase the exact bracelet for my daughter. Even though I've purchased many things on Amazon, this is my first product review -- and one of my best Amazon purchases to date. <end>
 B0002FQC6O  Silver CELTIC Saint St COLUMBA's Cross Pendant Necklace ||	  Chain weak  My 18-year old son wanted this cross for his birthday and loves it to this day.However, within a month, the chain broke. I figured it was no big deal, I'd go buy one from a store. WRONG.It's not sterling, nor a type of silver finish that "matches" anything in the stores that I could find.I tried a leather rope, but that didn't work too well either.My son now has it hanging in his room and it's irritating that he can't wear it.Otherwise, it's a lovely cross if that's what you're searching for. <end>
 B0002FQCBE  Black Onyx Widow Sterling Silver Spider Pendant Charm ||	  Love this!!  This piece is beautiful and not overwhelming! totally looks great when all you wear is lower cut black shirt - you GOTTA get the entire set!! People will stop and talk to you with this on! Don;t tell them where you got!! LOL <end>  It looks awesome!  Black Onyx Widow Sterling Silver Spider Pendant CharmThis pendant is just adorable. I get so many compliments on it! The quality is fabulous! <end>  Lighter than I expected  I should have known...the pendant online looks heavier. Worth the price considering it includes a piece of onyx. <end>  Absolutely loved it!  This pendant is just adorable. The quality was fabulous, especially considering the price! I bought this for a good friend for Christmas and almost wished i'd bought one for myself. I will be getting her the matching earrings for her birthday! They also shipped it quick! <end>  Smaller than expected but still beautiful  The pendant was smaller than I had expected, it's about 2cm long. But it's very elegant and subtle, while being unique and individual as well. I recommend the pendant to anyone who wants something a bit out of the ordinary but not over the top... It also arrived quite quickly considering it was an international shipment which can take up to 6 weeks, it arrived a week and a half, which was excellent! <end>  Spider Pendant  It's a gorgeous pendant and arrived quickly. I wish the bail was just a tad larger to fit my necklace through. <end>  this product seemed like it was done in a home garage.. it's not as advertised. if you were this product people will think that  this product seemed like it was done in a home garage.. it's not as advertised. if you were this product people will think that you made this in your own home. <end>  Mother of The Groom  My son is having a Halloween themed wedding, my gown is gorgeous gothic black velvet- not your typical mother of the groom! I bought the pendant and matching earrings they will compliment my gown beautifully. I love Black Onyx and will definitely wear these pieces again and again not just at Halloween time.I am very impressed with the quality from this vendor and will certainly shop with them again. My only regret is the matching ring was sold out at this time! <end>  Spider necklace  I purchased the matching ring and earrings with this necklace to wear during the month of October, as I am a BIG Halloween fan. Every one wanted to know where I got this unusual jewelry. I will be shopping with this vendor again and again! <end>  I'm Very Pleased.  Awesome Necklace! If you buy it you can get a nice chain with it for dirt cheap, and Silver Insanity's shipping is really fast. Great product! My girlfriend loves this with the matching earrings and necklace! <end>  HE LOVES IT!!  I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday, and when i gave it to him he was shocked. he loves it and wears it everyday! The best part about it is he had his eye on it for sometime now and i didnt even know! Its a great pendant not to small or too big and looks great on the 1mm snake chain! <end>  Beautiful  This charm is beautiful! I bought it to wear at Halloween time, but I am still wearing it now in December. It's so pretty and delicate, but not too small. <end>  Best product...  I am so surprised that something so small can be so elegant. This is a truly beautiful piece of jewelry, and I must say that the picture doesn't do it justice. For reference it is about the size of your nail on your thumb. It looks stunning from afar, especially if you buy the set of earrings to go with it. It is stamped on the back as genuine sterling silver. <end>  Nice price! Nice pendant!  I agree with what another reviewer wrote, that this is really classy looking for a spider pendant. Nice shiny silver and onyx. It is not obtrusive at all. I bought this for my teenage daughter, but I would wear it myself with no problem. I didn't get the matching earrings because I wanted to see this first, but now that I have seen it, I will order the earrings also. Nice to have some unusual jewelry pieces in your collection, and in my opinion, these are not tacky at all. <end>  Black widow is a winner  Beautifully crafted, one of a kind that you won't see everyone else wearing! Nice and heavy, so you don't have to worry about it bending or breaking. Has the look of a more expensive piece. <end>  Beautiful pendant  It looks just like in the picture. Carefully crafted and polished, the shiny silver makes a beautiful contrast with the onyx. Perfect match with the earrings. <end>  Lots of great comments  I got the pendant and earrings a couple of years ago for Christmas. They are really cute and get a lot of attention. <end>
 B0002FQCI2  Sterling Silver Two-Tone Gold TWISTED Hoop Earrings ||	  hmm....  the earring would have been better if it was smaller. they are about 1 inch long and very light in weight. not bad for the price tho! i just expected something a lot smaller. <end>  Hello!  The earrings appear smaller than they really are! A better description of the products actual size is needed. <end>  Sterling Silver Two-Tone Gold TWISTED Hoop Earrings  bought these as a gift, but can tell you they look very good but are really just costume jewerly this is all the information I can give <end>  bought 2 pair  these are great, if you have long hair they show up better.other earrings cost 99.00. you do the math <end>
 B0002FQCQO  9mm (3/8") Etched Hinged Sterling Silver Latching Bangle Bracelet ||	  Poorly made  I just received this bracelet which I ordered as a Christmas present. While the bracelet itself is very pretty, I am unfortunately disappointed overall. There isn't a clasp to lock the bracelet once it is opened(granted I should have read the description more carefully). The side of the bracelet opens, allowing one to easily slip it on. However, when you close the bracelet it doesn't remain closed (maintaining the closed image of the barcelet on the site). I will be returning this and now must find another gift!! <end>
 B0002FQCU0  Sterling Silver Egyptian Vampiric ANKH of Life Pendant ||	  The Pendant  It's not as big as I figured it was. Also, not as clear as it looks in the picture. However, it is really shinny, and quite thin! <end>
 B0002FQCVO  18" Sterling Silver 3mm Round OMEGA Chain Necklace ||	  omega chain  Love wear this chain. heavy round. differnt from normal chain that flat.which is cool! <end>
 B0002FQCVY  3mm Sterling Silver 20" Marina or Anchor Open Box Chain Necklace ||	  Sparkly!  I bought a pendant and needed a chain to go with it. This one is very nice, delicate and very shiny. Great price  ) <end>  silver  nice link - not heavy looking but noticableno thrilled with the spring clasp as it is difficult to get on and offFAST shipping! <end>
 B0002FQCZ0  EARTH STAR Strength Talisman Amulet Pendant Necklace ||	  beautiful and cheap  This is a really beautiful amulet. The picture on here doesn't do it justice. When light hits it, it's very reflective. I don't get the negative review for this. I'm satisfied. <end>  precious star  I brought this for a good friend for the Xmas 2006 season. He just loved it and claimed that it is quite beautiful <end>  talisman  As a talisman it is good, but the product/metal it is made of is critical. <end>
 B0002FZA58  Green Freshwater Pearl Necklace with Olive Jade Drop ||	  Quality jewellery  I ordered this necklace as the photo was so attractive and crossed my fingers. It was more than I had expected! It is beautifully made and finished. Just stunning with my little black dress. <end>
 B0002H7CVQ  Pugster Taurus Symbol Gift Laser Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Taurus  My charm is not centered. The bottom part of the zodiac sign is actually cut off. I'm sure this is just a manufacturing error, but none the less, this charm is my least favorite in my bracelet because of its less than even looking appearance. <end>
 B0002HE8XG  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HE8YU  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HE908  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HE9HG  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HE9I0  Moonlight Classic Titanium Band for Him & Her. On Sale this week! ||	  Gorgeous and nicely priced  It looked very nice in the picture so we went to the nearest jeweler and got our sizes and ordered. We didn't expect the rings to look quite as nice as pictured but they do. Very impressive quality. Very distinct appearance. <end>  Titanium is the new Gold  I ordered these for my wife and I. We had them made in two different widths, which you can do if you contact the seller. Rings were even better than expected  The finish on these particular ones is a deep lustre that is as beautiful as any white gold; besides that, these are much less expensive, three times as durable and will not cause skin allergies like the nickel in white gold does in about 1-in-8 people!The service I received from DiMarco was very courteous and prompt. A+ <end>  Scratches really easy  It looks awesome out of the box. Just like the picture. But within a couple of days I could start to see that it was getting scratched even when I was being consciously extra careful. After that I figured it wasn't going to make much of a difference whether I was careful or not. That made life lots easier. <end>  Perfect 10!  The Customer Service and the ring both get 5 stars.My husband took his time to pick his ring, by the time he finally did we were a few weeks close to the date.I emailed their customer service and Magda was right on it.She was able to get the ring to me in 4 days time.Which was a lot faster than the company he ordered my ring from.The Ring was gorgeous.Very Shiny and it has held up well.It was not too big and not to small.Very practical! <end>  titanium looks great on men  my husband and i were impressed. shipping was expensive but signature is required. came in a little burgandy bag that topped off the feeling <end>
 B0002HF3R6  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF3UI  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF4CU  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF4GG  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF4TI  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HF5GU  Ela Titanium Ring with Swiss Cut 14K Gold Design Center ||	  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>  Nice ring with great service  This product is nice, the ring is beautifully finished with no so bling bling look, I was looking for something which is elegant yet have some gold touch in it and browsed almost 1000 rings before I settled on this one, what even more nice was , that this seller sent me shipment overnight fedex as I requesetd to have this ring asap, and they sure did, they replied my emails promptly and very curteous,highly recommend them for purchase. <end>  Great ring for the money. Good Service  I too looked at a lot of wedding bands for myself and settled on this one because it had gold in it (my wife was keen on that) and it has a modern look without beeing too "metrosexual." My only gripe is that the gold part has gotten a little dinged-up over the past six months of wear, but hey I'm a guy. My things are usually a little dinged up.  ) Good service from these folks when I got the ring and it was a little tight. <end>
 B0002HFAU6  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFAVK  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBB4  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBF0  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBRS  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBTQ  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFBVY  Corona Titanium Ring with 14K Gold Center ||	  Nice ring, but....  My husband picked this ring out because he thought it was cool that titanium is so strong. Well, yes, but 6 years and too much pizza and it no longer fits him. That's his fault, but titanium's strength is also it's weakness. You can't re-size it if you need to. <end>
 B0002HFI1M  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFIEY  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFIG2  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFIGM  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJ2U  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJ5M  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJK2  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJKM  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFJMA  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HFK56  Magnolia Titanium Wedding Band Set. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  I loved these at first!!!  My husband and I were a week away from getting married and still could not agree on our wedding band set. We came across these and instantly fell in love with them.. I ordered them right away and got them 2 days later. The color on the bands were perfect and the outside of the ring was smooth and beautiful.. It was exactly what we wanted.. We haev been married for 3 weeks today and we are so unhappy with the quality of these rings. The color is coming off of mine and is almost completely off my husbands and they are scratched.. I thought titanium was the strongest metal and that if wouldn't scratch... The seller is trying to work with us to make us happy.. I guess we'll see. <end>
 B0002HGDSE  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGDU2  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGEEW  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGEG0  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGEYW  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGEZG  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGFLE  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGFLO  Sphere Titanium Ring with 14K White Gold Center Design ||	  awsome  I received this ring on the 12th day of Christmas ...and much to my surprise my wife said she bought it online...she never does that...and the ring is beautiful...10x more beautiful than the picture and it feels so comfortable on my finger...and it is so light I have to keep checking to make sure it is still there...LOVE it <end>
 B0002HGU8M  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUDM  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUPA  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGUSM  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HGV36  Precis Classic Titanium Band with Two Grooves ||	  Titanium Ring  This ring is sturdy, and very attractive. My boyfriend and I picked it out together and we are very pleased with its quality. It is very masqueline. <end>
 B0002HH83I  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8CE  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HH8WE  Elva Titanium Ring with Tension Set Iolite ||	  easily scratched!!!  I got this for my husband because the style was perfect. However, I was soon disapointed because the ring is easily scratched which is a SURPRISE because its Titanium and I thought is would be durable. Also, I find this seller to be very defensive about customers' satisfaction. too bad. <end>
 B0002HHYNM  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHYZA  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZHM  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZJ0  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HHZK4  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HI00I  Una Titanium Band with Black Stripe. Choose your Color for Free! ||	  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>  "Man"gagement Ring  When we got engaged, the future hubby wanted a ring to wear of his own. We looked a lot of places and decided on this one - when I contacted the company they were quick to respond and allowed us to customize our order through amazon. We got this ring but with a blue acrylic inlay stripe. He loves it - and it came quickly. The acrylic will wear out but the company will refill it for the cost of shipping. It's light and it sings when he drops it in the kitchen or on the table - We're definitely happy with it for the price. <end>
 B0002HIK30  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIKHQ  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIL70  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIL7U  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIL8Y  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HILB6  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HILLG  Guru Titanium Ring with Tension Set Garnet ||	  Stylish and strong but not chipped resistant  I bought one of these rings for my husband as an engagement ring. (I asked him, I figured it was only fair.) After four years together he still is very happy with the ring but we now have to replace it. While the strength of the tension has held the stone perfectly the garnet has chipped in 3 places. My husband does not do a lot of manual labor kind of stuff. His job is a software programmer and he never works on cars or other type activities that are rough on jewelery. We will most likely not replace his current ring with the same kind. <end>  Still In Love...with this ring  My husband and I purchased this ring as his wedding band. My husband spent a very long time picking out this ring and he still loves it after 5 years. We purchased the ring from the wonderful people at DiMarco Creations through Amazon. They were wonderful to work with and I will keep them in mind for my future jewelry purchases. The ring is very unique and many people comment on it. The setting is very squared on the sides so it does sometimes catch on things or scratch things if my husband is not paying attention, but this is something we expected due to the shape of the band. We have been very satisfied with the purchase of this ring. <end>
 B0002HIUCQ  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUFI  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIURG  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIUUI  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVA2  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVUW  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HIVXY  Mahala Titanium Ring with High Polished Edges ||	  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>  Great Product at a Great Price!  This ring looks just as good on my finger as it does pictured above. I've only had it for a day and already I have received a fistful of compliments. It's elegant but rugged, lightweight, and very comfortable to wear. You'll love it; trust me. <end>  perfect  The ring is very light. It's not as heavy as it looks. The two tone on the ring is perfect, and it complements itself <end>  Good product, but gray band  The ring is nice, but in the picture, the band appears to be black, which is not true. Of course, in dim lighting, the band appears to be somewhat black, but in direct lighting, the band is a light gray. Overall, though, the product is high-quality metal. <end>  Tricky Color  This is a nice ring that my fiance actually wanted to have for his wedding band. It looks darker then it is...its actually light gray in the middle which he didnt really like. Lucky me the store was actually in my city (otherwise you can ship it to them) so i brought it back and they tried to make the middle part as dark as possible. No big difference but it was a little bit more then at first. The ring was a bit to big so we exchanged for a smaller size (no fee for all that)and since i was the one picking it up i actually engraved an inscription on the inside 15$ <end>  Very lightweight  This item looks like it would be a heavyweight metal, when, in fact it is not. It almost has a 'plastic' feel to it. Other than that, the ring looks like the picture. <end>
 B0002HJ6E2  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ6GA  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ6GK  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ6R4  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7AA  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7BE  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7L4  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7M8  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7MS  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJ7OG  Aleja - Elegant White Gold Ring Wedding Band - Comfort Fit ||	  Mostly satisfied.  The ring is very nice looking, comfortable to wear daily, but gets scratched easily. The diamond is VERY small. <end>
 B0002HJA2U  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJA34  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJAJ8  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJAZ2  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJB0Q  Dasan Classic Wide Titanium Band Custom Made ||	  Great Ring  I got this for father's day. It is stylish and well made. Great service too. But make sure you know the exact size, because you cannot resize titanium. <end>
 B0002HJOVC  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPBG  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPGG  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJPWA  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HJQCE  Leala Classic Titanium Ring with Grooves ||	  Beautiful ring!  I got this as a surprise gift. I was worried about the sizing, but it fit perfectly and he absolutely loves it. I have not had experience with titanium rings, but after seeing how beautiful it looked and felt, I would not mind ditching the classic gold band for a titanium one. If you're thinking about this product go for it, this ring is a nice, medium width band and looks great.The only thing that bugged me was the shipping, you could not pick what type of shipping you wanted, and it was $15, which with a total of $125 is a hefty price for some. <end>
 B0002HK01A  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0OC  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0PQ  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK0Y2  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK114  Gaul Classic Single Groove Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, plain and simple  I'm not much of a ring person, but this is a beautiful ring. It has a simple design, nothing over the top. I would say my only complaint about the ring was the shipping charges, I ended up paying $22.00 which to me was too much. I received the ring in a fast delivery but still I think the charges should have been less expensive. Have a great day (c <end>  Nice ring, expensive shipping  The ring arrived very nicely packaged, good looking ring.Shipping was OVERDONE, in my opinion. I had to sign for the ring (why?), and, although, yes, it is coming from Montreal, I really don't see a reason to pay $22 S/H for it to arrive in 3 days (which it did!). I would have been VERY happy to pay less S/H and have it arrive in a week or two. <end>
 B0002HK8AI  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK8M6  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK8MQ  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK952  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HK9LG  Hitite Classic Titanium Band with Single Groove ||	  not very durable  I bought this ring a month ago and wear it every day. It seems to have quite a few scratches for being very new. Since I have an office job I don't do anything that would cause it to have so many scratches already. I assumed that titanium was more durable than gold or silver but I quess not. <end>  One ring to rule them all!  This ring is even more beautiful and distinguished looking than its picture. Be forewarned--titanium CANNOT be sized, so it is imperative that you get sized at a jeweler to make an accurate selection. Seller also shipped item sooner than anticipated. Highly recommended! <end>  Good Ring, But Be Aware of the Return Policy  Ring arrived on time and looked like it's picture. Just be aware of the return policy. Only 10 days to get a refund and a 35% restocking fee. Combined with FedEx costs to Canada, it's almost not worth sending back for an exchange or refund.Again, the ring arrived on time and as presented, so overall they do a good job. Would just like to see a more relaxed online return policy for a $70 ring. <end>
 B0002HKF8I  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKFRE  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKFS8  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKG7I  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HKGHS  Numidia Titanium Band with Hammered Finish ||	  Don't do it!  Go to a local jewelery shop. Ring sizing is not possible on line, and this company takes zero responsibility for the fact that you will most likely get it wrong. It brought a significant amount of misery to what was a very special day for me. <end>
 B0002HTODU  Bold Two-tone Saturn Ankle Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  Nice price, nice quality  The ankle bracelet is beautiful....but not as thick as the illustration would indicate. My only complaint is with the method of shipment - the USPS. Receipt took forever, and, at one point, the Post Office thought they had lost it and said that -- since it wasn't insured --it wasn't their problem. I would STRONGLY recommend that the seller use UPS ground in the future. <end>  Two-tone ankle bracelet  Very pleasureable experience. Received the item promptly, real nice piece of jewelry, GREAT price.Thank you! <end>  Anklet - saturn type  anklet is exactly as pictured - extremely nice and not too dainty. Great fit. <end>  Ankle Braclet  I received the item and it is beautiful and I am very happy with it. <end>
 B0002HTOKI  Flower CZ Bypass Adjustable Toe Ring - JewelryWeb ||	  Sweet!!!  This toe ring is so sweet. I purchased it for my 13 year old daughter & she loves it. Excellent quality with just the right amount of sparkle & it comes with a cute litte gift box that made giving it as a gift even more special. <end>
 B0002HTPSE  Mission Bell Pendant With Chain ||	  Wonderful bells  I have several bells from the St. Rafael Collection. I love their clear ringing tones and beauty, for they are well made with exquisite detail work. It's fun to wear them, but I also display them as a group on a small stand and visitors enjoy ringing them. One person played a tune with the different notes. <end>
 B0002HTQ4M  Bear Bell Pendant With Chain ||	  A beautiful gift for that someone special in your life.  This was a gift to my wife. She was immediately impressed with the amazing detail of the piece, and was even more amazed when she realized the bell actually rang with a pleasant tone. Unlike the cheap "bell" jewelry you can buy in the department stores, this little bear tinkles like a real bell. My wife has used it as a pendant, but now has it hanging from her rear-view mirror for good luck. She loves it. <end>  Wonderful bear bell brings peace of mind.  We bought this bear bell as a Christmas gift for a friend who is anxious about black bears that have visited her yard a handful of times in the last 3 years. Following no success, off season, in finding a tasteful hiking stick with attached bell, I accidentally came across this bell at Amazon. The ad suggested tying it on a backpack while hiking and we thought it might do the trick while hanging around her neck. With no time to spare, we order the bell and it arrived early. Its a lovely little thing with a clear, light sound that I was sure would have no impact what-so-ever on any nearby bear. We gave the gift anyway, bringing our friend to tears. She was as moved by the enclosed card describing the significance of bells in ones life, as the bell itself. As for a warning sign to bears of an approaching bell wearing human, our friend's brother-in-law happened to be visiting as well. He's a wildlife expert specializing in black and brown bears in this state. He assured all of us that this tasteful little bell would absolutely be heard by visiting bears in our friend's yard, giving the bear the intended option of leaving quickly in the other direction! I highly recommend this bell! <end>  Beautiful work of art. I love it.  This is such a beautiful work of art. The bell tone is so clear and melodious. I feel the price was reasonable and I'm so happy I was able to get one of these. I will wear it with pride. Thank you so much for making this available for purchase.ldybear,Samantha SherlineP.S. I only have "bear" jewelry and only bears and bear stuff comes into my house. <end>
 B0002I25CG  Antica Murrina Passione - Red, Gold and Black Murano Glass Heart Pendant ||	  Beautiful  Beautiful. Exactly as pictured. Ice cold on the outside, fiery on the inside. Be advised cord is short, probably around 16". <end>  She Likes It  She's wearing, it too.... It's exactly as pictured; still, it's a hunk of glass with a funky background. Probably best appreciated by a woman under 30. <end>
 B0002I9ZI8  Genuine Rose Quartz Donut and Amethyst Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  BEAUTIFUL!!  Just like this photo! Exactly the same! I'm amazed, 'cause I myself am in this on-line shopping business all these years and I thought I know what to expect for on-line shopping...never expect the exact color/shape/size what you are looking at , but this one! Beautiful green, detailed silver decolation, perfect. I am so happy to perchase this wonderful piece. Thank you. <end>  fantastic necklace!  i bought this product for a family member on december 20th, and i needed it by the 24th to give it to them. so i paid priority shipping,a and amazon.com told me it would be delivered at my house either before or on the 24th. so on christmas eve as i'm pacing back and forth for the mail man, he finally came with it in hand. the pendant was absolutly stunning, and i was thanful it came before the christmas party started. it wasnt too chuncky, just the right size, i would say the rose quartz donut was a little bit bigger than a quarter. but it 3was amazing. whenever i buy from amazon.com, the item either is juat as, if not more beautiul as the picture. this i would say was more beautiful then the picture and i was VERY happy with this purchase. <end>
 B0002IBKJA  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Crystal Hearts, 10 5/8" by Paris Hilton ||	  Nice Anklet..but  I bought this anklet with crystal hearts. It is lovely but after wearing it a few times the stones are all starting to fall out. It is disappointing. <end>  A nice combination of elegance and romance  An anklet can be a sexy addition to your wardrobe, drawing the eye to your footwear, and giving that hint of the exotic. This silver and pink anklet is a nice combination of elegance, with its delicate chain, and romance, with its heart and star motif. This anklet goes equally well with dress shoes, sandals, and bare feet.Ladies, during those intimate moments, when less clothing is the name of the game, jewelry comes into its own, and nice anklets (such as these) are a must. My hat's off to Paris Hilton!(Review of Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Crystal Hearts, 10 5/8" by Paris Hilton) <end>  Very cute!  I am not a big fan of Paris Hilton--But when I saw this anklet I couldn't resist. The price was a little steep for it...but thats what you get for something with the "Hilton" name attached  0&lt; All in all it is very cute & I hope that she comes out with more anklets! <end>  A beautiful anklet - a real 'star'  I admit I was dubious about paying $60 for this ankle bracelet, but it looked pretty so I took the chance. I didn't buy it for the Paris Hilton name, but because I liked the look of it. Unlike the other reviewers, I am not a child but in my mid-50's - so I was pleasantly surprised to see that this was well worth the money. It is really pretty, and surprisingly heavy. Really glad I bought it. <end>  great stuff  Love the ankle bracelet. My daughter is a fan of Paris Hilton's creations and this was a birthday gift. We received it promptly and in perfect condition. <end>  I love it.  Can be worn with casual wear or out on a evening. This is so cute. I love it. <end>  Anklet w/ Crystal Hearts, 10 5/8" by Paris Hilton  Paris do the good job.It's pretty ~~~Thanks Amazon~~~^^ <end>  So Cute!!!!!!!!!!!!  I love all of paris hilton's jewerly, i got this on my birthday! there just adoreable! I cant see how anygirl could hate this! <end>  beautiful anklet  My boyfriend bought me this anklet. I love it! It's well made but still delicate and pretty. I rarely take it off. It can be adjusted so you can wear it with the star dangling or shorter. Good quality item. <end>  Cute  I'll admit, this anklet's kinda cute, but I don't like all the strass. Plus 60 bucks isn't cheap. I suppose you're paying the Hilton name... <end>  The bomb  i am so happy to be able to wear something that looks like its worth so much but the price is right Thank you Miss Paris } <end>  this is sooooo cute!  I love this anklet and most of the other jewellery. It is so cute with all the little hearts on it. <end>  Paris Rocks  I love the jewerly line Paris has created. I admire her hard work and dedication to all she does. The jewerly is beautiful. Thank you Paris, can't wait to see what you come out with next!Heather <end>  It's so cute that I bought TWO!!!!  Pink, Hearts, Stars!!! SO CUTE!GO BUY IT!!!FAST DELIVERY TOO!!!YOU'LL BE COOL!!! <end>
 B0002IBKQ8  Sterling Silver Rosary Bead Necklace w/ Crystal Cross, 18" by Paris Hilton ||	  LOVES IT !!  I love this necklace and I LOVE Paris! It is sooo cute, just like Paris! I get alot of compliments on it too. I am not too big on jewelry at all either but I plan on getting some more of her stuff from this line. <end>  Sexxxyyy  This necklace if so effing cute, except that the beads come unlinked sometimes. plus i lost it so now i have to buy another one....i suggest u buy her book to its rather funny. this necklace is so cute i got tons of compliments, so all u biotches out there who wanna look hot.. BUY IT! <end>  love Paris and her collection.. you go girl!  This necklace is so pretty. I love the collection. I am also a huge fan of Paris. She is smart and beautiful. See, blondes do it better! <end>  Very Sexy!  When I received this item, I was very impressed with the packaging and the quality of the item. Although I did think the necklace would be bigger, it is very gorgeous on and I love it! I would reccomend it, although it might be a tad overpriced. <end>  Paris Hilton Line is Solid  What a beautiful little necklace this is. Very classy, clean and bright. This is a gorgeous piece of jewerly. The price is very reasonable and the cross is just so beautiful!!! <end>  Very beautiful!  I just received my necklace today and it is just lovely! Well made and just the right length. The crystals shine beautifully. I was unsure of how good the quality of these pieces would be but it is definitely worth the price. <end>  Nice Cross; cute heart center  I wasn't too sure about this cross, as I am rather particular about style and bling factors.I was pleasently surprized when opening it as it was very pretty and delicate. I am wearing it for work and it seems like it should be OK for casual wear too.Very nice.... <end>  Beautiful and good quality~  I received this necklace today. The quality better than I expect. The cross very shimmer and shine, necklace in perfact length. very good.^_^I would wear it every day. <end>  Beautiful  When I heard Paris was coming out with a jewelry line i was ecstatic! I'm a big fan of Paris and when I saw what she had created I was mind blown. I decided to buy this piece and went through hell to have it shipped to Canada and when it finally arrived it was all worth it. I love this necklace it's absolutely gorgeous. I thought it would be bigger but I'm glad it's not because the cross is quite heavy. All in all this necklace is gorgeous and I wear it everyday! <end>  THIS ONE'S FOR ME!  Already having admitted a weskness for Swarovski crystal I can't resist this rosary bead necklace and cross.The pink beads in the necklace are one of my favorite shades and will look wonderful with a black dress. The cross with the Swarovski crytals will shimmer and shine.I love the lobster claw clasp, as I've found that to be the safest and most durable. Also, I have one of those little safety pin like gizmos that allows you to shorten a necklace - so this will get double duty also as a choker. <end>  Sexy!  I love this necklace, it's everything I hoped for. I thought it'd be a bit longer, like an actual rosary, but it is still gorgeous. The cross is a bit heavy, but does not irritate my neck at all...(and usually I can't stand to have jewelry on that long unless it's a light chain.)I will definitly be buying more jewelry from this collection soon and I'll let everyone know how the others compare! <end>  Paris Collection  This is a cute necklace. It is fun to wear with casual to semi dressy clothes. It does break fairly easily. My boyfriend just tried to unhook it and it snapped .I did purchase another one. Not everyone will like it .It depends on what you are looking for.I would not pay listed price though. Amazon had it on sale. <end>  A great piece of jewellery  I really like thias necklace and I think it is really feminine and girly and you also don't have to be a multi millionaire to be able to afford nice quality pieces. Also pink is my favourite colour and this necklace would match all my outfits. <end>
 B0002IBKQS  Sterling Silver and Crystal Star Pendant on Satin Cord, 17" by Paris Hilton ||	  Not What I Expected  This piece was very disappointing! I bought it for my Paris-loving, teenage fashionista. We were both so excited when the package arrived, but as soon as we opened it, all we could say is Blah! The crystals are so small they don't even sparkle. I was really disappointed with the packaging, just a plain navy blue box, with a tag inside. I guess for $30.00 i expected more. <end>  It's alright...  When I took out my necklace, I was suprised at how small it appeared compared to the picture. When I tried it on, it actually looked pretty cute. However, I don't think it's worth $30.00. I think your paying more for the name on the necklace. It's cute, but if I had seen it in a store, I would have only been willing to pay around $15 for this necklace. <end>  Stones missing/poor quality  I got this as a gift (along with the bad perfume, but that's another category) and there were stones missing! I feel so bad for my Aunt who bought this. I could hardly ask for the receipt to return it, so I threw it in the trash. You could make this yourself for under 1 dollar. A heart shaped pendant at the bead store, a few small plastic rhinestones, 12 inches of cord and some glue. <end>  Pricey, but nice.  The pendant is a good size and the crystals are very sparkly. I don't care for the cord very much, but it is easy to change if you do not like the satin one. The satin begins to unravel/separate after a few wears. I changed it to a silver chain -- there is a good sized opening behind the pendant at the top for the necklace to go through, so most chains should work with this. <end>  Ok quality  The necklace arrived promptly and was packaged very nicely. I wasn't that impressed with the size, it was alot smaller then i imagined. The mecklace was very cute though. I expected the cord to be longer, also a little overpriced for what you receive. <end>  what a disappointment!  My daughter really wanted this necklace so against my better judgment I purchased it for her.What a disappointment. The first week the satin cord came out of the clasp and we had to glue it back in. Next the crystal (small as they are) started popping out. After 1 month there is nothing left - and we threw it away last night. $30 is not a lot of money unless of course you are buying junk. <end>  My Review  I loved the idem that i recived. although i did not like what the string was made out of it seems somewhat cheep! other then that i loved the colors the lay out and all around good. I Love Paris Hilton! <end>  kool  Kool necklace and frankly thats all i wanna say. Paris hilton collection some are worth it like the belly chain was not worth it. It looked good but the quality was just average. It wasn't bad its wasn't good. It ;looked good but quality was just 3/5 however thisSterling Silver and Crystal Star Pendant on Satin Cord, 17" by Paris Hiltonis pretty good quality. I've had it for 5 months now and everything seems to be going fine. None of the crystals come out and it's a reallly pretty colour. It shines when your in the sun and can make any dull outfit a one hit . It sparkly unique and very pretty! <end>  It's so HOT!!!  I love the neckle it is soooo cute! You could wear it everywhere and anywhere! If I only could afford it...... <end>  i love it  first of all who dosent love paris. this necklace is sooooo cute i have had no problems with it. i get compliments on it all the time. i also have the matching earrings. i see everyone is complaining about it being cheap and falling appart but this just shows u dont kno how to handle jewerly. i have had my necklace for almost 3 months now and there is nothing wrong with it! ilove it! <end>  Love it  I received this from my husband for christmas and i love it. So pretty <end>  Love my Paris H Star Pendant  I got this neckless for christmas from my husband. I was so excited. I loved it. Nice size color style I wore it in the mall the other day. I had two people stop me and ask me if that was the Paris Hilton neckless and where did I get it. It was funny. I love to wear my neckless. It makes me feel good and up lifting. <end>  Ok, if you pay $30 for this, then well.....  You just wasted $30 of your money, instead of actually buying something worth it like two new CDs, or something. Ok, the necklace is cheap, it's a fabric cord, around your neck, not even a sterling silver one, at least metal, it should be. The jewels are probably, those cheap fabric rhinestones or something like that.. Come'on their charging this much, cause it's a 'Paris Hilton' original. What a bunch of B.S. I mean, it's not an ugly neckalce, but it's not worth even $20!! I've seen better jewlery at k-mart & it'd probably last longer too. So, I'd save you're money, believe me, there's better things to use your money on, than this. I don't own this or will ever buy it either!! <end>  my review  I am 14 years old and I really like Paris Hilton's new jewellery line. The only things I don't like on her jewellery line is this star necklace and the heart necklace on the satin cord. I love all the other pieces but I will probably only buy the star earrings and the heart belly button ring as I just got my belly button pierced. I think its great that I can get jewellery that virtually knowone else will have because I live in the UK. <end>
 B0002IM78I  14K Gold Eve's Apple Chalcedony Necklace by Suz Andreasen, MADE IN AMERICA ||	  Lovely!  I purchased this necklace and have to say the picture did not do it justice. It was more beautiful than I expected! I love it! People love it everywhere I wear it. It goes with everything and I wear it all the time. Not only is the necklace beautiful, the service was outstanding! <end>
 B0002IM8CI  Sterling Silver Peruvian Opal Briolette Earrings, MADE IN AMERICA ||	  Gorgeous  I just got these earrings for Christmas. They are absolutely beautiful and very well made. I will enjoy them for many years to come. The picture doesn't do justice to the luster of the opal stone. They really are gorgeous. <end>
 B0002IMSPU  Cute Stretchy Pearl Bracelet ||	  Very nice little bracelet  I honestly wasn't expecting much for $1.99 although I did buy two of them. What a surprise though. Very very nice little bracelets. Very tiny white creamy bead type pearls with irregular shapes that look very good that way and fit on my wrist very easily and look great. I pushed them up my arm a bit so that they fit a little tighter, looks better that way I think. Identical I think as well to what is pictured on the amazon page. I also own expensive pearls and no they aren't as nice as those but for the money it's a sweet somewhat elegant look. Especially when you wear two of them together. And yes they definately are cute and stretchy. Not bad for 5 bucks altogether. It ain't Mikimoto but I am absolutely satisfied. <end>  a nice piece  It lookes very nice on the my thin wrist. But be noticed that the shape of the pearls is irregular. At first I was dissappointed about that. Later on I found that the oval shape of the pearls is actually pretty cute . <end>  Adorable!  Obviously the pearls are flawed, but because of their size you can't tell even from a short distance away.They're super cute, but I suggest getting them 2 or 3 at a time as they look a bit awkward on their own. <end>  better than expected  I ordered one each for my 5-year-old daughter and her 2 friends for Valentine's Day. Nice pearl color and oval-like shapes. Slightly too big for a 5-year-old but would be good for older children or a small wristed adult. Very dainty. A great buy for the price. <end>  Like the Bracelet, Not the Package  The bracelet is nice, very cute for a child. And the irregular shape shows that it is real pearls (though i doubt my flower girl will appreciate that fact). However, the packaging that it came in was frighteningly horrible. this is a gift. Now i have to go look for a suitable gift box and such. oh well, can't have everything. But for the price i cant complain about the overall experience. <end>  Really pretty, great for the price  I bought this as a gift and it was a lot nicer than I expected. Good product especially for the price. <end>  No complaints as yet ...  The bracelets were as advertised, shipping was reasonably prompt.The only thing that I am slightly worried about is whether the elastic band which holds the pearls is strong enough to last for some time. These were not intended for me, I bought them as a gift for my mother and I can only comment on its longevity only after she's used them for some time. <end>  my niece really love the stretchy pearl bracelet and also my step daughter.its very impressive jewelries.  i will buy more items from you guys.i got them quikly <end>
 B0002INIHM  Antica Murrina Laguna - Red, Gold & Black Murano Glass Ring ||	  Unique, lovely, and a bit uncomfortable  I really like the looks of my new ring, it is only one size and it doesn't stretch as you know it is glass. It is an eye catcher, but you will know it doesn't give you much comfort while wearing it, it a party ring, not a daily ring. This would make a great flashy present for anybody, it comes in a lovely box, and they wrapped it very delicatly and elegant presentation. The ring arrived very quickly too. <end>  Murano glass ring  On a recent trip to Ireland (of all places) I saw the Antica Murrina Jewelry items and was blown away. All of the items were beautiful to look at, I just could not make up my mind on which particular item I wanted. But since my tour group was about to leave I settled on two rings. The rings are a great fit, very comfortable and also a great conversation piece, whenever I wear one people want to know all about it. The only drawback, you must remember it is glass and will break, as one of mine did when I accidently dropped it...boo-hoo! <end>
 B0002ITPJC  10K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Tennis Bracelet ||	  MY CHRISTMAS PRESENT  This is a pretty bracelet, unfortunately the gold sparkles more than the diamonds do. They are of a low quality. Still I love the bracelet which was a gift from my boyfriend. He was even surprised at the size of the diamonds, the picture makes them look larger than they are - what you see is the illusion setting that they are in. <end>
 B0002J6QJI  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J6RNI  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J6S6Y  14K White Gold Round Created Alexandrite Men's Men's Ring ||	  Not exactly  Its very nice, and I do like it. However, it is not exactly like the pic. Maybe its the lighting or the angle, but the one in the picture looks much better. Mainly the stone. There is a visible difference in the size/setting. <end>
 B0002J7N04  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Filligree Ring ||	  Loved ring in the brown color and the size  It was a small danity size ring which is what I wanted. I love the light brown color of the ring. <end>
 B0002J86DM  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Men's Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful Jewelry  one of just a handful of online sources for men's rings with smoky quartz setting. Delivery was very fast and the ring was of excellent quality. Really turning heads in this area. <end>
 B0002J87JA  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Men's Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful Jewelry  one of just a handful of online sources for men's rings with smoky quartz setting. Delivery was very fast and the ring was of excellent quality. Really turning heads in this area. <end>
 B0002J87KY  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Men's Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful Jewelry  one of just a handful of online sources for men's rings with smoky quartz setting. Delivery was very fast and the ring was of excellent quality. Really turning heads in this area. <end>
 B0002J8844  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Men's Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful Jewelry  one of just a handful of online sources for men's rings with smoky quartz setting. Delivery was very fast and the ring was of excellent quality. Really turning heads in this area. <end>
 B0002J885S  14K Yellow Gold Oval Genuine Smoky Quartz Men's Men's Ring ||	  Beautiful Jewelry  one of just a handful of online sources for men's rings with smoky quartz setting. Delivery was very fast and the ring was of excellent quality. Really turning heads in this area. <end>
 B0002J8EUW  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Diamond fell off  I used this ring as an engagement ring. It's a very beautiful ring but I did have an issue with the one I recieved. I couldn't of had it for over a month before one of the small white diamonds beside the onyx fell off. I had no problem reaching Jewels For Me though. I sent it back no charge and it was fixed and back to me in maybe 2 weeks. <end>
 B0002J8F3S  14K White Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Diamond fell off  I used this ring as an engagement ring. It's a very beautiful ring but I did have an issue with the one I recieved. I couldn't of had it for over a month before one of the small white diamonds beside the onyx fell off. I had no problem reaching Jewels For Me though. I sent it back no charge and it was fixed and back to me in maybe 2 weeks. <end>
 B0002J8YYS  14K Yellow Gold Heart Genuine Black Onyx Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  My ring came in the mail today and I was thrilled. It came with a little bag and a small teddy bear. I have delicate and small hands so I do not mind the size of the ring...actually I think it is perfect. I've always hated wearing gaudy rings, feeling like they looked ridiculous and wrong on my finger. For a while, I wouldn't even wear rings because I thought they'd look wrong on my fingers just because of sheer size! This ring is perfect! I love the little heart shaped onyx. The small diamonds are beautiful. I feel that it is very feminine and just right for a woman like me.UPDATE    Two years later and it is still perfect! Nothing has fallen out. It still shines. I wear it every day. <end>  slightly disappointed  Yes, it was alright, but I thought it could have been a little bigger. I do not know much about black onyx so maybe the price was right. I could not find a womens black onyx ring in any stores where I am from so it may my search easier. Also, my wife loves heart shaped things so it should work out. I am gving it too her for Christmas. <end>
 B0002JJIE8  14K White Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>
 B0002JJIFM  14K White Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  very impressive ring  very impressive ring. The packaging came with a bear which was unexpected abd very welcomed. <end>
 B0002JJIGQ  14K Yellow Gold Round Genuine Pink Tourmaline Filligree Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  My granddaughter loves this ring. I would purchase from this supplier again. <end>  Beautiful ring!  My granddaughter loves this ring. I would purchase from this supplier again. <end>
 B0002JJIXO  14kt Yellow Gold Two-Tone Motorcycle Charm - XAC98 ||	  A Disappointment  This was a huge disappointment. The Advertisment says it is solid gold, it is hollow.The gold also wasn't gold, it seemed more copper colored, and it didn't clean up well. I returned this before I even got it home. <end>
 B0002JLQDE  Necklace, 'Cross of Life' ||	  beautiful, oversize cross  i order lots of mexican jewelry for its handmade & cultural beauty & the love of .925 silver. this cross is an exceptional piece, VERY Large, yet Delicate, easy to wear on the cord provided, i love it, gracias. <end>
 B0002JLT9A  Earrings, 'Silver Knots' 1" W 1" L ||	  Classy Earrings  I really enjoy these earrings. They are classy and can be worn both with casual as well as business clothes. They are very well made. <end>
 B0002JPL7G  14K white gold 2.0ct tw princess cut cubic zirconia basket earring ||	  perfect  These earrings are lovely, just as I expected. And the packaging was quite nice. Delivery was fast and the price was right. No complaints! <end>
 B0002JPL80  14K white gold 3.0ct tw princess cut cubic zirconia basket earring ||	  perfect  These earrings are lovely, just as I expected. And the packaging was quite nice. Delivery was fast and the price was right. No complaints! <end>
 B0002K94GY  PalmBeach Jewelry Diamond Accent 14k Yellow Gold Diamond Fascination Hoop Earrings 1&quot; Diameter ||	  Broke right away  When I received these earrings, I thought they were very pretty - they are delicate, the gold is a nice warm color, and I liked the diamonds, though they are tiny, not the best quality (I3/I clarity/color), and not very shiny. Then I attempted to try the earrings on. I was being extremely careful with them, because I saw how delicate they were. Still, when I was taking them off, one of the earrings snapped almost in half. I noticed that it broke right where the bottom stone was set. The earrings are hollow and the type of a setting is burnish setting, and it appeared as if they had cut too deep into the metal when setting one of the stones. On a closer look, I noticed that the gold was way too thin, the clasps were very flimsy, and the diamonds were very bad quality - one of the stones had a dark spot right in the middle of it. Appaling quality, they were not even worth the sale price I paid for them, I sent them back right away. <end>  Nice Looking...But  I love the look of these earings, but they do fall forward. The post seems to be a little too long. They are light weight and very pretty, so I do continue to wear them. If I had known about the fall forward issue, I probably would not have purchased them. <end>
 B0002K9LPI  Round Simulated Pearl with Cubic Zirconia Accents Sterling Silver Classic Button Earrings ||	  Dainty little earrings  I looked for some delicate pearl earrings that was a little more visually interesting than your standard pearl studs. I wanted them for my wedding day, and already had a hair flower and blusher veil, so I thought long blingy dangling earrings would be over the top. These perfectly fit the bill. The pearls ever so slightly sit below the earlobe and the stones are small and delicate. Very pleased with the order! <end>
 B0002KBPKM  Sterling Silver Gothic Coiled SNAKE Garnet Earrings ||	  Really unique earrings!  I bought these earrings over a year ago on Silver Insanity's website, when they were low on stock. They are perfect sized as I really don't like large bling earrings. These are kind of medium sized. They are sterling silver and come oxidized on purpose. The oxidation can be cleaned off if preferred that way with a polishing cloth, but it really adds a cool medieval look to these. These are pretty light weight and not very thick, so more on the thin side. They however last and they are not easily broken. The ear wires are stamped sterling, but the snake is NOT stamped (is still sterling though). The only thing I have to mention is that the garnets are orange and not red. I have no way to verify whether the garnets are genuine, but garnets do come in orange shades, just most common is red. Garnets are considered semi- precious therefore I don't see why these couldn't possibly be genuine as there is only a tiny piece of the stone inside the silver work. <end>
 B0002KBPWU  Starburst Suns of Genuine Turquoise Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Earings and discription DO NOT match!  A correction needs to be made to this product. I would love to buy the earrings pictured but the discription is for something completely different. <end>
 B0002KBQKG  Childs Sterling Silver 14" Inch Box Link Chain Necklace ||	  Silver Chain  I purchased this necklace for my 18 month old grandson. He wears it everyday. So far it has held up well. I would purchase another one. <end>  Nice chains, but...  I searched for short sterling silver chains for my daughters (ages 7 & 9) and was pleased to find these. They are sturdy, priced affordingly and just the right length, but the spring ring clasps on both chains (I bought two) are faulty. They open fine but don't close unless you push them closed, so I must assist my girls every time they wish to wear their necklaces. Too bad, because it was difficult to find chains appropriately sized for young girls. <end>  Questionable clasp  I am disappointed in the clasp on this chain. The chain is lovely but the clasp doesn't close properly. I should have taken a review I read to heart. I ordered two but will definitely find better ones locally. Since it is a child's chain the clasp should be strong. <end>  excellent child's chain  I have now purchased "2" of these chains. Fortunately, I've had no problem with the clasps on either of them. My daughter wears them both frequently & they don't seem to tarnish quickly either. These were an excellent find. <end>  Very nice chain  Great chain for children! This chain fits just right for little ones up to the age of ~ 7 years of age. Both my young daughters have these and have been wearing them without a problem for about a year now. This is an excellent seller  great customer service, fast shipping, no hassles, quality products and great prices! I highly recommend this item from this seller! <end>  Box Link Chain Review  We bought these(2) to give as part of a Xmas gift to our granddaughters (8 and 4). They seemed to love them. <end>  Perfect for a little one.  I bought this for my five year old daughter and it was the perfect length. It's secure and really cute. <end>  NICE QUALITY  VERY NICE STERN CHAIN ...ANOTHER GIFT FOR MY 4 YEAR OLD.... I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT SHE WILL BE ABLE TO BREAK THIS AT ALL. SHE LOVES JEWELRY <end>  Great for price  I like to Layer pendants. At this price I can have 4 pendants on using 14, 16, 18, and 20 inches. Chain is sturdy enough for most of my pendants. <end>  Pleasantly surprised  I bought this chain for myself, an adult, because I wanted a chain that was short enough so that the pendant I wanted to put on it would rest right at the hollow of my throat. I was nervous that it would be too small for my neck, so I wound up purchasing a 16" chain just to be on the safe side, but the 14" chain was absolutely perfect. So yes, adults (women, at least) can definitely purchase this chain for themselves, too! <end>  Review  I thought this was going to be a little bigger, but it wasn't. I would still recommend this product. I think my nephew will be happy for Christmas. <end>
 B0002KQQ60  14k Yellow Gold Round Diamond Bezel Solitaire Pendant (1/4ct, J, I3) ||	  Pleasantly Surprised!  I purchased this item as a gift for Christmas and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the diamond in the bezel setting. It looks like it should have cost more than I paid. If you are looking for a nice and inexpensive diamond present I recommend your order this item. <end>  very beautiful pendant  This is a very good diamond pendant, it's still shining even the clarity is I3. I think my girl friend's Mom will like it. <end>
 B0002KR76I  6 mm Plain Domed Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  perfect ring  a nice ring, it came in a beautifull box, perfect shine, perfect size, comfortable at all time, it match perfect whit the women's wedding band they advertise...but again came after the date promised... not late but almost... <end>  perfect ring  a nice ring, it came in a beautifull box, perfect shine, perfect size, comfortable at all time, it match perfect whit the women's wedding band they advertise...but again came after the date promised... not late but almost... <end>
 B0002KR77C  6 mm Plain Domed Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  perfect ring  a nice ring, it came in a beautifull box, perfect shine, perfect size, comfortable at all time, it match perfect whit the women's wedding band they advertise...but again came after the date promised... not late but almost... <end>  perfect ring  a nice ring, it came in a beautifull box, perfect shine, perfect size, comfortable at all time, it match perfect whit the women's wedding band they advertise...but again came after the date promised... not late but almost... <end>
 B0002KREI4  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>  Wedding Band  This is my 18K wedding band to match my wife's. Modern and cool; I love it. <end>
 B0002KRF7Y  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRFAQ  7 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with underpriced wedding band  I had shopped at every jewelry store in a 60 mile radius for just the right wedding band. Once I found it, I searched for the same product on Amazon.com and found the same exact item for just over half the price. It came in the timeframe I had been promised and fits and looks perfect. <end>
 B0002KRNBC  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRNC6  6 mm Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  Not what I paid for  I ordered this ring because it said it was Comfort Fit - but it definitely is NOT. <end>
 B0002KRPAQ  4 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>
 B0002KRPBK  4 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>
 B0002KRPCY  4 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>  Great experience!  A great experience all the way around! The item was beautiful - May 28 I'll wear it as a husband. <end>
 B0002KRPKG  6 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Good looking, doesn't stand up well over time  My husband really loved this ring. It's very simple but not your typical shiny, plain band. The problem is that the finish gets scratched really easily - it already had scratches by the end of our wedding weekend! You have to look closely to see them so only we know about them but it is disappointing. But we decided for what we spent it was worth it. Eventually we'll be able to spend more on something of higher quality. For now it looks good from the distance from which most people see it. <end>
 B0002KRPLA  6 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Good looking, doesn't stand up well over time  My husband really loved this ring. It's very simple but not your typical shiny, plain band. The problem is that the finish gets scratched really easily - it already had scratches by the end of our wedding weekend! You have to look closely to see them so only we know about them but it is disappointing. But we decided for what we spent it was worth it. Eventually we'll be able to spend more on something of higher quality. For now it looks good from the distance from which most people see it. <end>
 B0002KRQD2  7 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  ring  I am stationed in Germany and am surprised as to how quick this ring was shipped to me. It arrived in less than 2 wks. I was scared at frist that it would take about a month but surprisingly it didn't. The ring is even better than the picture. I am glad that I ordered this ring. <end>
 B0002KRUF6  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KRUFG  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KRUH4  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KRUHE  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KRUHO  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KRUI8  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KRVFK  3 mm Two Toned Yellow Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>
 B0002KRVGE  3 mm Two Toned Yellow Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Gorgeous  The ring fits my hubby beautifully! It's a very subtle band but still very gorgeous and doesn't look "cheap." I love it, he loves it, and everyone is happy! <end>
 B0002KRWRM  3 mm Plain Domed Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  excelent ring  i liked so much this ring, it was what i was hoping for...the only problem was timing, because they had some troubles to send me the ring and came almost a little late.excelent and beautifull product... <end>  excelent ring  i liked so much this ring, it was what i was hoping for...the only problem was timing, because they had some troubles to send me the ring and came almost a little late.excelent and beautifull product... <end>
 B0002KS8UM  3 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>
 B0002KS8V6  3 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in 14k White Gold ||	  Not bad, but I don't think I will buy from SZUL again.  I had placed my order directly from the Szul website (on Nov. 22, '06) as I didn't want to wait for the 3-4 day processing mentioned above. I don't know if this made any difference with the speed of processing/shipping. I just got my ring today.The picture above isn't the best representation of it. In real life, it actually looks a little 'plastic-y'. It almost feels like it too because it is quite light in my hand. However, at least as of now, the ring is comfortable on my finger and I like how it looks. I will be wearing this ring on my left hand ring finger - the brushed center is chafing against my middle finger little, I just hope it doesn't get worse over time.I'm a bit wary of Szul, I read some feedback on Amazon about problems with shipping and customer service. For me, customer service was efficient enough. The thing that got to me was that I was told twice that the item "will be shipping today", they told me this on two different days. First on Nov. 30th.Dec. 5th came, I called for a tracking number, seeing as they had said that it had shipped already. They say that it didn't ship on Nov. 30th because it needed to be resized and that it "will ship today".Of course that got me worried, I didn't understand why they bothered telling me that it shipped on the 30th and no one said anything about resizing.It seems like in dealing with customer service, email wouldn't be the best way. In emailing, their responses were delayed. Basically, you really won't get anywhere if you plan on just emailing them. It's not a problem to call, the people you speak to are nice BUT I don't like that you have to call them to sort of nudge them about your order and having them do something about it. It didn't quite feel like a smooth transaction.Well, eventually they did give me a tracking number. (FedEx 2 day - shipping was free at the time of my purchase) and at least I got the right size and the item arrived the next day after talking with them.I also read alot of positive reviews/experiences about Szul, but it seems like it's almost like a luck of the draw. You may have a good experience or you could be up for annoyance or mishaps. Of all the companies/sites that I have ordered from online, I've never experienced this kind of 'wishy washiness' I guess there's always a first and I know that it's not a perfect world.I don't think I will be ordering from Szul again. I'm still not sure weather I would recommend buying from them.All in all, I think Szul just has alot to improve... <end>
 B0002KXY5G  7 mm Brushed Center Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k White Gold ||	  ring  I am stationed in Germany and am surprised as to how quick this ring was shipped to me. It arrived in less than 2 wks. I was scared at frist that it would take about a month but surprisingly it didn't. The ring is even better than the picture. I am glad that I ordered this ring. <end>
 B0002KXYUQ  5 mm Two Toned White Milgrain Edge Comfort-Fit Men's Wedding Band in 18k Two-Tone Gold ||	  Item was great but in no hurry to ship  Item was great but in no hurry to ship. I was told that I would get the item within 6-10 day. Well lets try 15 days latter. I even called them a few times and they always told me "Oh it will go out the next day." Wrong, I am not sure what the next day is to them. <end>
 B0002KY0QS  3 mm Plain Flat Comfort-Fit Women's Wedding Band in Platinum ||	  Fantastic!  It was exactly as promised! The only issue is the shipping delay - once you place the order there's a little bit of a delay before Szul notifies you of the shipping, etc. Kind of nerve-wracking for an expensive purchase. <end>
 B0002M0VPK  14K gold Round 3.75mm / 3.4ct tw eternity band ||	  I love this ring!  Here's my story  I came into some money, so I wanted to give myself a gift. I wanted a diamond eternity band. So, I did the due diligence not only on diamonds, but on diamond simulants as well. Long story short  diamonds are for the birds (cuckoos, or those nuts enough to spend good $$ on a trumped-up rock). My search lead me to TomL, and am I ever glad I chose this ring. It's just what the doctor ordered, and all my rich Republican friends will NEVER be able tell it's cubic zircoinia! Plus, I get to sink that extra dough I didn't spend into an index fund!!! =) It looks fabulous, its sparkly fire is truly spectacular, and it has the look of something ten, maybe 20 times it's price. Plus, TomL is very cool to work with, and very knowledgeable and professional. Thank you, TomL! I'll be back for more!!! <end>
 B0002N3OO4  6mm Japanese Akoya White Pearl and Diamond Stud Earrings in 14k Yellow Gold ||	  6mm Japanese Akoya White Pearl and Diamond (.15 ctw) Stud Earrings in 14k Yellow Gold  Gift for step mother. She loved. I think my dad got some that night. <end>  Better than I expected  I received these as a Christmas gift and I love them. <end>
 B0002OG24W  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2CO  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2D8  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2HO  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OG2QA  Gael Onyx Titanium Band ||	  Great Ring, Small Stone  I love this ring, but I feel I should let everyone know that the stone is smaller than expected. The problem is not the stone; it's the photo you're looking at. I'm not going to send mine back, but I bet some people will. Why not tell people the exact dimensions of the stone? In my case, Onyx, the stone is .227" long, .127" wide, .085" thick. In mm, the same dimensions are 5.69, 3.48, and 2.20. Quality ring, misleading photo. <end>
 B0002OGU08  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGU0S  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGU30  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGUEE  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OGUF8  Tyia Titanium Band with Tension Set Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia ||	  Gorgeous, modern, sleek---and great service, too!  I love this ring! Not only is it a wonderfully modern ring that has nice, clean lines and feels sturdy; but, the service I received from Alain Raphael Jewelers was top-notch. I had questions about the product and they were answered with promptness and friendliness.I recommend this product and this seller! <end>
 B0002OHA5W  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHBVK  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHBYM  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHBZG  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHC0A  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHE26  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHE30  Jaha Classic Titanium Wedding Band Set with 14kt. Yellow Gold Center ||	  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>  Just excelent  Very good attention, just in time shipping and delivering, nice presentation and envelopes, and specially  excelent quality in matterials and details. We are very happy with our new titanium and gold wedding bands. <end>
 B0002OHQJM  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQJW  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQKG  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQKQ  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQLA  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQLK  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQME  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQMY  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQNI  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQOC  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQOM  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQOW  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002OHQPG  Meia Titanium Ring with Sapphire & Diamonds ||	  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>  The Perfect Ring  This ring is every bit as beautiful as it appears in the picture. The contrast between the brushed titanium center and the polished edges of the ring is very distinctive. Also, the stones are a good size - no diamond "chips", but lovely, brilliant stones, and the stones are slightly recessed into the band, thus protected from damage. No prongs means that the ring will not catch in my knit clothing either, so I will wear it every day. The only improvement I would make would be to have a lighter blue sapphire in the center. Otherwise, the ring is perfect. <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this for my fiance as his wedding band - we both LOVE it, and it is more beautiful than in the photographs, and very heavy and rounded for a comfortable fit.A magnificent ring, for a magnificent man - it was perfect! Thank you! <end>  Wonderful ring!  I bought this as a promise ring for my boyfriend. It is an absolutely beautiful ring, and the picture does not do it justice. The engraving was perfect as well, and the ring is very handsome. The delivery time was excellent as well, and the seller was really helpful and quick to answer my emails. Thank you! <end>
 B0002ONNNU  Black Thin Crock Band ||	  More Info Needed  Every item for sale by this company lists NO VALUABLE information - and who waits 2-3 weeks for shipping to BEGIN? How about length? Width? Some indication on pendants of actual size? While the items look nice, the long shipping period, typos all over the listings, and the complete lack of valuable information about these products simply exclude EVERYTHING made for sale by this seller from my shopping cart. WAKE UP, Amazon.com! Who is the company you want us to buy from? Apparently, you don't know, either; nor are you monitoring your sellers. Very disappointed. <end>
 B0002OQUVM  14K white gold round 5mm / 1ct tw 4 prong stud earrings ||	  Stone  Great Setting  Good value for money  Stones are white & clear, setting finish a little rough in the joints but for a basket setting, it is still a bargain. Comes in a navy "velvet" finish box. Would recommend item  Great value and hard to find in 14K white gold finish. <end>
 B0002OQUX0  14K white gold round 9mm / 6ct tw 4 prong stud earrings ||	  Stone  Great Setting  Good value for money  Stones are white & clear, setting finish a little rough in the joints but for a basket setting, it is still a bargain. Comes in a navy "velvet" finish box. Would recommend item  Great value and hard to find in 14K white gold finish. <end>
 B0002OSCNG  Exfoliating Fruit Enzyme Mask - 50ml/1.7oz ||	  Easy and Effective  I had been using this mask regularly and liked it very much. A Sephora saleman got me to try Z. Bigatti's at almost four times the price and while that is great (it better be) I will go back to using Murad. I like and see results with Murad products in general and this mask is no exception. It does what it claims and leaves the skin smooth and radiant. What I love about it is it's so easy and pleasant to use. You just slap it on, wait ten minutes and rinse it off with no effort. In addition to what the mask claims to do it has a cooling, soothing sensation on the face. No pain, no gain, is not true with this. I also find for an exfoliating mask it's gentle. I won't switch again. <end>
 B0002PYN74  Labrador Retriever Charm -XAC870 ||	  Beautifully detailed charm  I bought this beautifully detailed charm as a tribute to our beloved chocolate lab, Harland, and had his birth and death dates engraved on the back. I wear it everyday as a lovely reminder of a devoted and special friend who brought tremendous joy to our lives. <end>
 B0002PZ5H6  Nefertiti Charm -C443 ||	  Way too small ****sigh****  Although the gold colour was rich and appealing, the size of the charm was way too small for my purposes. So, I returned it for a refund. <end>
 B0002PZ6FM  Chicago Water Tower Charm -A2397 ||	  Looks a little melted.  This is not a well detailed charm. No crisp edges. However, it is recognizable as the Chicago Water Tower. <end>
 B0002QSTOQ  Earspiral Earrings 253SSS Sterling Silver ||	  FUN EARRINGS, BUT QUALITY IS LESS THAN EXPECTED  I HAD SEEN EARRINGS OF THIS STYLE BEFORE AND ADMIRED THEM SO WAS THRILLED TO SEE THEM AVAILABLE. WAS DISAPPOINTED IN THE WEIGHT AND HEFT OF THE DESIGN AND DO NOT FEEL THEY ARE WORTH THE PRICE. <end>
 B0002RQN6Q  Masini Vanita' - Blue Murano Glass Stone Ring USA 6.5 | UK M | IT 12 ||	  Awesome quality and design  I am very satisfied with the ring, it looks exactly as on picture and even better. It was beautifully gift wrapped in a box.I would definitely recommend any products by Masini to anyone.Thank you very much. <end>
 B0002SCW60  After Dark KALEIDOSCOPE STAR Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  I love it!  I am really impressed with this belly ring. It looks even better in person than it does on-line, which is pretty rare these days. <end>
 B0002SPG68  Barbell - Black Marble Tongue Ring ||	  Black Marble  I bought this tongue ring for my husband. He love's the way the tongue ring looks. The tongue ring looks like it has a white smoke on it. Very cool! <end>  .  really liked it- same quality as any other but cheaper here on amazon in price.threaded easily on my other bars- good for a classy-dress night as it doesn't pick up TOO much attention, and can be relatively hidden if you arent looking for it... <end>
 B0002SPH76  Pink Glow In The Dark Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  but does it really glow?  not so sure it does. i think i might have seen it kinda glowing. very cute, if your into pink  ) <end>  Great Seller  The first tongue ring I received was defective but the seller called me to apologize and sent out a new one at no cost to me.I was very pleased with the customer service and the new jewelry is a wonderful piece.I'm not so sure it glows, but it is a great shade of pink, comfortable to wear, and most definitely worth the price. I would recommend this seller to anyone. <end>  Great product  And it was here early! I keep it in all the time no complaints. If I ever lose this one then I will order these again!!! <end>  love it  I love how it glows in the dark...and if ur trying to hide that u have a tongue ring from family its perfect, everyone just thinks its candy <end>  Love it!  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is not painted (which is pretty hard to find now a days) it's a see through color. <end>
 B0002TA3HY  Platinum-Plated Sterling Silver Genuine Ruby Heart and Diamond Accent Pendant with 16" Chain Necklace ||	  POOR  Quick shipment, but picture is deceptive. Ruby color is highly variable, diamond accent point is an invisible chip, and gift note amateurly done. <end>
 B0002TG9RC  14K Ruby & Diamond Cross Pendant With 16 inch Chain ||	  Great quality!  I ordered this pendant as a gift for a friend. It came quickly and packaged in a beautiful wooden box. I ended up having to return the item only because her husband had gotten her a similar one. The return was simple, easy and the communication with the vendor was excellent! I would definitely shop from "CoolStyles" again! <end>
 B0002TGAA8  Diamond Love-Knot Earrings in 14K White Gold ||	  Wife loved these  I bought these as a gift for my wife and she loves them. Nuff said. <end>
 B0002TGVYI  Pugster Laser I Heart Girls Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Nice product.  I got this item quick and just as advertised. I did think it would be a little bigger though. However, after seeing it put together (on the bracelet) you wouldn't want it much bigger. Nice product. <end>
 B0002TPH6G  Single Green Rose Belly Button Ring ||	  CUTE but painful  I saw this belly button ring and had to have it... When i got it i had it on for less then 5mins when it started to cut into me. The edges of the rose are very sharp and cut into my belly while sitting. this might do wonders for posture but i'd rather try another way. It hurt so bad i had to stop wearing it....SO cute but VERY painful <end>
 B0002TPPMM  Black Long Stem Rose Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Lovely Roses  This has to be the prettiest belly ring I have bought. My daughter loves it, received it before it was suppose to arrive. Very happy with the quality of the ring, my daughter loves it. I would and have bought from this company again. <end>
 B0002TQBMK  Jacksonville Jaguars Football Charm - M2264 ||	  Charm  I ordered this charm for my husband for Christmas. He is a huge football fan! Thought it would be perfect gift! The price was very high so I was expecting a very nice piece of jewelry. I was not very satisfied with what I received. It is hollow and light very small hard to even see. But by the time I received it I had no choice but to give it to my husband it was Christmas Eve. So buyer beware it is very expensive and you don't get much! <end>
 B0002UDDF2  MLB Boston Red Sox Logo Charm - M1062 ||	  Boston Pendent  I thought it was bigger than what I saw in it's description. I bought it under that impression. When I received it, it was the size of a dime. I bought it for my boyfriend's chain, and it looked microscopic on him... so embarassing....  0( <end>
 B0002UDUSW  7x7.5mm AA Quality Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 18" ||	  Mikimoto AA and Tiffany Quality for a fraction of the Price!!!  I am thrilled with my purchases from American Pearl, but I want to explain why in a way that you can appreciate. This Christmas season I was out to purchase a top quality set of pearls for my wife. She always wanted a beautiful set of pearls. Even when we were looking for engagement rings years ago, she would end up staring at the Japanese Akoya pearls (not that she didn't drool over the diamonds too). This year, I wanted to make her dream come true. Neither of us are fussy about name brands, but we don't compromise on quality. When I am going to make a significant purchase, I like to be an informed consumer (to the extreme in fact). I spent about 2 months learning about pearls, shopping at the best stores (Tiffany & Co. and Mikimoto) and even reading some books on pearls (and visiting forums like pricescope).I have always shopped on Amazon, but shopping for pearls whether Amazon, Ebay or from any online vendor can be risky. There are so many vendors on this site that throw around terms like AA and AAA or AAA+ to describe their pearls. There is no industry accepted standard for grading pearls and merchants are free to set what ever grades they want for their pearls. One merchants A could be another merchant's AAA. Grades are generally useless for comparison shopping. The only way they are relevant is if the merchant is actually benchmarking its grades to Mikimoto (which is the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared). American Pearl's grading system is benchmarked to Mikimoto. The AA pearls that bought from American Pearl are the same quality in all respects to pearls you would buy at Tiffany's or a AA strand from Mikimoto. When you see other vendors selling AAA or AAA+ (a grade they made up themselves) pearls, for substantially less than American Pearl's AA, understand that you are not getting the same quality. You're getting a trumped up strand of what is likely an inferior grade of pearl. I'll put this in some context.Mikimoto mastered the art of culturing akoya pearls over 100 years ago and is still considered the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared. Mikimoto offers very high quality of pearls. The lowest quality pearls sold with the Mikimoto brand still fall within the top 5% of the akoya pearl harvest. To differentiate between the quality of its pearls (and the huge difference in price from its lowest to highest level), Mikimoto created it's own standard for grading Japanese Akoya pearls based on a scale of D, C, B, A1, A, A+, AA and AAA. D and C grade pearls are not jewelry grade and are generally crushed and used for makeup or for other commercial use. At best, they end up as beads in craft stores. Most pearls produced are C grade quality. The next level on the grading system is B quality, which is used in low end jewelry. B quality comprises pearls are typically found at department stores (even higher end ones like Lord & Taylor and Bloomingdale's) and mall jewelry stores. These pearls generally fall in the top 20-6% of the pearl harvest. To expand it's market share, mikimoto created two low end lines of pearls under the brand names Sea Magic (sold at Jared's and other similar stores) and Blue Lagoon (sold at Zales and similar stores). These pearls are blemished and have poor lustre--but are premium priced to capitalize on the brand affiliation with Mikimoto. Aside from the name, these are poor quality pearls that don't meet the standards for sale with the Mikimoto brand. Lustre is the reflection of light off the surface of the pearl. Akoya's pearls are valued on a number for factors, but first and foremost is lustre (the most prized value).Pearl's sold using the Mikimoto branding start with the more familiar A1, A, A+, AA and AAA grades. A1 is the lowest grade pearl that Mikimoto will sell bearing the Mikimoto name. A1 pearls are slightly blemished, and have but have good lustre and medium nacre (skin of the pearl). A is a very slightly blemished and better matched than A1, with good lustre and medium nacre. A+ has very slightly blemished pearls, with very good lustre, and medium to thick nacre. AA is minimally blemished, with excellent matching, excellent lustre and thick to very thick nacre. AAA pearls are flawless, with outstanding matching, outstanding lustre, very thick nacre. In short, AAA pearls is the finest grade of pearls available. AAA strands are also rare. Even Mikimoto stores only have a few strands in their inventory at any given time. Tiffany & Co. is also well known for selling outstanding quality pearls at equal eye watering prices. Tiffany does not have it's own grading system (at least one that it publicly acknowledges), but Tiffany strands are generally AA quality on the Mikimoto grading standard and Tiffany prices its strands directly in line with with Mikimoto AA strands (which would be $5,400 for an 18" 7x7.5mm strand).I was doing some research to find a true equivalent to Tiffany and Mikimoto AA and AAA quality at wholesale prices. American Pearl is a direct importer of pearls and, through a lot of research, I found out that American Pearl is one of the suppliers to Harry Winston and Tiffany!!! AP also has a showroom on Fifth Avenue in NYC, only a few blocks from Tiffany flagship store and Mikimoto's NYC store and has been in business as a B&M; for over 50 years. If you're in NYC, you can comparison shop Miki, Tiffany and American Pearl all in an hour or two. American Pearl's grading system is equivalent to the Mikimoto system. When you buy a AA strand from AP you are getting a strand that is on par with a strand you would buy at Tiffany or a AA strand from Mikimoto. AP also offers strands that are equivalent to Mikimoto AAA (of the very highest order), but these strands cost considerably more.I purchased an entire set (18" 7x7.5mm, bracelet and studs) for my wife for christmas. The set was stunning. My wife wore the studs to tiffany's so we could do a direct comparison to Tiffany's strand. It was a dead match!! I couldn't be any happier. AP gave me exactly what I wanted---Tiffany and Mikimoto AA quality for a below wholesale price. I emphatically give American Pearl my STRONGEST recommendation. <end>
 B0002UE1FI  Designer 14.5 Inch Huge Healing Crystal Cotton Necklace ||	  Just wonderful  This necklace is exactly as described and elegant in appearance it looks even better than in the photograph which does not do it justice. It is quite heavy clearly quite a lot of workmanship and silver has gone into making this necklace which gives it a unique quality.I bought matching earrings to go with this necklace from the same company and together they are just fabulous. Really worth the price! <end>
 B0002UKJGS  Sterling Liquid Silver Beaded Blue OPAL Choker Necklace ||	  Lovely opal necklace  This necklace is delicate and beautiful. Delivered in excellent condition. I bought the matching earrings. This is a lovely set. <end>
 B0002UKJJA  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Spin Worry Ring Size 11(Size 4,5,6,7,8,9,13,14,15) ||	  High Quality - Excellent Amazon Vendor  Use as a guard ring w/Onyx Claddagh ring / Even super glue did not harm this -happened to glue 3 fingers together 2 yrs ago - Both Rings on same finger - Cleaned up w/Silver polish and still spins perfectly. Still an incident very much to local EMS amusement <end>  Great RIng!!!  This ring is very beautiful. It was a great deal and the ring spins very well as it should. The shipping was very fast. I am looking forward to purchase from this seller again. <end>  Lovely Ring  I bought this as a surprise for my daughter--so, I guessed at the size. Boy, was I way off! The shop took it back and sent another with no problems. My daughter loves it! <end>
 B0002UNLZO  Ornate Sterling Silver Classic WHISTLE Charm Pendant ||	  Ornate Sterling Silver Whistle  Was exactly as shown and what I wanted. Came very fast. Great service.THANK YOU! <end>  beautiful whistle  The whistle was just want I wanted...arrived promptly, in perfect condition..would order from them again... <end>
 B0002UQ4S0  1 1/4 Inch Bronze Outstanding Citizen Medal ||	  Good Reputation  I would highly recommend this company to anybody. They stand behind their product and are quick to correct any mistakes. Shipment was very timely. <end>
 B0002V23HA  6.5x7mm A Quality pearl Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 16" ||	  Why are the Pearl listings so confusing?  I have not purchased this item and assigned three stars to avoid slanting the average. This is another pearl item that provides conflicting information. When going through the shopping list, the header said the pearls were AAA Quality. Upon selecting the item, the header changed to reflect A Quality. The specifications rated the pearls as low-luster, yet the seller's description says at one time that the pearls are A quality; at another, the highest quality of A, AA or AAA; and then states that there is no grade of pearl with a higher luster. It is hard to imagine that the highest grade of luster in a pearl is "low luster". How can anyone expect to sell a product with such conflicting information? <end>
 B0002V274Y  7x7.5mm AA Quality Japanese Akoya saltwater cultured pearl necklace 24" Matinee ||	  Tiffany and Mikimoto AA quality!!!  I am thrilled with my purchases from American Pearl, but I want to explain why in a way that you can appreciate. This Christmas season I was out to purchase a top quality set of pearls for my wife. She always wanted a beautiful set of pearls. Even when we were looking for engagement rings years ago, she would end up staring at the Japanese Akoya pearls (not that she didn't drool over the diamonds too). This year, I wanted to make her dream come true. Neither of us are fussy about name brands, but we don't compromise on quality. When I am going to make a significant purchase, I like to be an informed consumer (to the extreme in fact). I spent about 2 months learning about pearls, shopping at the best stores (Tiffany & Co. and Mikimoto) and even reading some books on pearls (and visiting forums like pricescope).I have always shopped on Amazon, but shopping for pearls whether Amazon, Ebay or from any online vendor can be risky. There are so many vendors on this site that throw around terms like AA and AAA or AAA+ to describe their pearls. There is no industry accepted standard for grading pearls and merchants are free to set what ever grades they want for their pearls. One merchants A could be another merchant's AAA. Grades are generally useless for comparison shopping. The only way they are relevant is if the merchant is actually benchmarking its grades to Mikimoto (which is the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared). American Pearl's grading system is benchmarked to Mikimoto. The AA pearls that bought from American Pearl are the same quality in all respects to pearls you would buy at Tiffany's or a AA strand from Mikimoto. When you see other vendors selling AAA or AAA+ (a grade they made up themselves) pearls, for substantially less than American Pearl's AA, understand that you are not getting the same quality. You're getting a trumped up strand of what is likely an inferior grade of pearl. I'll put this in some context.Mikimoto mastered the art of culturing akoya pearls over 100 years ago and is still considered the benchmark by which all other pearls are compared. Mikimoto offers very high quality of pearls. The lowest quality pearls sold with the Mikimoto brand still fall within the top 5% of the akoya pearl harvest. To differentiate between the quality of its pearls (and the huge difference in price from its lowest to highest level), Mikimoto created it's own standard for grading Japanese Akoya pearls based on a scale of D, C, B, A1, A, A+, AA and AAA. D and C grade pearls are not jewelry grade and are generally crushed and used for makeup or for other commercial use. At best, they end up as beads in craft stores. Most pearls produced are C grade quality. The next level on the grading system is B quality, which is used in low end jewelry. B quality comprises pearls are typically found at department stores (even higher end ones like Lord & Taylor and Bloomingdale's) and mall jewelry stores. These pearls generally fall in the top 20-6% of the pearl harvest. To expand it's market share, mikimoto created two low end lines of pearls under the brand names Sea Magic (sold at Jared's and other similar stores) and Blue Lagoon (sold at Zales and similar stores). These pearls are blemished and have poor lustre--but are premium priced to capitalize on the brand affiliation with Mikimoto. Aside from the name, these are poor quality pearls that don't meet the standards for sale with the Mikimoto brand. Lustre is the reflection of light off the surface of the pearl. Akoya's pearls are valued on a number for factors, but first and foremost is lustre (the most prized value).Pearl's sold using the Mikimoto branding start with the more familiar A1, A, A+, AA and AAA grades. A1 is the lowest grade pearl that Mikimoto will sell bearing the Mikimoto name. A1 pearls are slightly blemished, and have but have good lustre and medium nacre (skin of the pearl). A is a very slightly blemished and better matched than A1, with good lustre and medium nacre. A+ has very slightly blemished pearls, with very good lustre, and medium to thick nacre. AA is minimally blemished, with excellent matching, excellent lustre and thick to very thick nacre. AAA pearls are flawless, with outstanding matching, outstanding lustre, very thick nacre. In short, AAA pearls is the finest grade of pearls available. AAA strands are also rare. Even Mikimoto stores only have a few strands in their inventory at any given time. Tiffany & Co. is also well known for selling outstanding quality pearls at equal eye watering prices. Tiffany does not have it's own grading system (at least one that it publicly acknowledges), but Tiffany strands are generally AA quality on the Mikimoto grading standard and Tiffany prices its strands directly in line with with Mikimoto AA strands (which would be $5,400 for an 18" 7x7.5mm strand).I was doing some research to find a true equivalent to Tiffany and Mikimoto AA and AAA quality at wholesale prices. American Pearl is a direct importer of pearls and, through a lot of research, I found out that American Pearl is one of the suppliers to Harry Winston and Tiffany!!! AP also has a showroom on Fifth Avenue in NYC, only a few blocks from Tiffany flagship store and Mikimoto's NYC store and has been in business as a B&M; for over 50 years. If you're in NYC, you can comparison shop Miki, Tiffany and American Pearl all in an hour or two. American Pearl's grading system is equivalent to the Mikimoto system. When you buy a AA strand from AP you are getting a strand that is on par with a strand you would buy at Tiffany or a AA strand from Mikimoto. AP also offers strands that are equivalent to Mikimoto AAA (of the very highest order), but these strands cost considerably more.I purchased an entire set (18" 7x7.5mm, bracelet and studs) for my wife for christmas. The set was stunning. My wife wore the studs to tiffany's so we could do a direct comparison to Tiffany's strand. It was a dead match!! I couldn't be any happier. AP gave me exactly what I wanted---Tiffany and Mikimoto AA quality for a below wholesale price. I emphatically give American Pearl my STRONGEST recommendation. <end>
 B0002V3QZS  Trillion Cut Sapphire and Diamond Ring 14K White Gold ||	  Exactly as pictured  My fiancee wanted a sapphire ring rather than a diamond and specifically wanted a trillion cut, dark sapphire. This ring was exactly what she wanted and matched the picture perfectly. She was thrilled with it. The only caveat I can see is that it can take a few days before items are shipped, even when expedited shipping is selected. <end>
 B0002V3R2U  Trillion Cut Sapphire and Diamond Ring 14K White Gold ||	  Exactly as pictured  My fiancee wanted a sapphire ring rather than a diamond and specifically wanted a trillion cut, dark sapphire. This ring was exactly what she wanted and matched the picture perfectly. She was thrilled with it. The only caveat I can see is that it can take a few days before items are shipped, even when expedited shipping is selected. <end>
 B0002V4NSM  Pearl Heart Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Pendant ||	  Beautiful but small  This is a perfect gift for her, if you are looking for a delicate pendant she can wear everyday. It goes perfect with pearl earrings. The pearl is of highest quality so wont get damaged soon and it shines nicely. The chain is thin but not as easy to brake as with other pendants where the chain is included. The only disadvantage of this product is that overall this is a very small pendant, so it may be too delicate for certain occasions. It comes in a nice red box. Overall, a nice buy even for this high price. <end>
 B0002V4WRY  Good Luck Horn Charm ||	  Italian Horn charm  Much smaller than expected. Not as detailed as shown on picture. <end>
 B0002VA3Q8  6.5x7mm A+ Quality Silver Overtone Japanese Akoya saltwater cultured pearl Double Strand Bracelet 7" ||	  Would not let me return item  This company is a sham. I tried numerous times to contact them BEFORE they shipped my item to cancel. They would not respond. They took over two weeks to ship it and in that time I repeatedly asked them to cancel my order. They would not. When I received the item, I once again contacted them to let me know how I could return it. They would not respond. Save your time and money and DO NOT purchase items from them. <end>
 B0002VB2VS  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Ruby Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>
 B0002VB2WW  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Ruby Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>
 B0002VB2X6  Tommaso Design(tm) 7mm Round Created Ruby Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Amazing!!!!  This was a GREAT buy. Great price, looks AMAZING. I know that when I propose, my girlfriend will love it. =] <end>
 B0002VJ06W  10K Yellow Gold Anklet 9" to 10" Length Adjustable Star Ankle Bracelet ||	  I'm almost in love with this anklet.....  It's pretty, it's dainty, and has the tiniest gold star (so small it doesn't bother me when I'm exercising and I can wear it year round). I really like it; I would love it if it was all one piece 9.5 or 10 inches long rather than the adjustable type. But it was the only one I found with the tiny, tiny star on the chain...so I'm almost in love with this anklet.I'm pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B0002VJ09Y  New 14K Two Tone Gold Comfort Fit 6 MM Wedding Ring Engagement Band Size 12 ||	  VERY IMPRESSED  I WAS SURPRISED AT THE QUALITY, I LOOKED IN OTHER JEWLERY STORES AND THE PRICES WERE TRIPLE WHAT I PAID AND GOT BETTER QUALITY. <end>
 B0002VJ0A8  New 14K Two Tone Gold Comfort Fit 6 MM Wedding Ring Engagement Band Size 13 ||	  VERY IMPRESSED  I WAS SURPRISED AT THE QUALITY, I LOOKED IN OTHER JEWLERY STORES AND THE PRICES WERE TRIPLE WHAT I PAID AND GOT BETTER QUALITY. <end>
 B0002VOVY8  9.5x10mm AAA Quality Black Bodycolor Japanese Akoya cultured pearl necklace 51" triple strand Rope ||	  Very nice  You would be foolish to pass this up at this price. Fantastic bargain, almost worth getting three or four of these babies just for the savings. And, when you give them as a gift, boy-howdy do they make an impression. Very good for the "hey, you owe me one" department. Get your own today. <end>
 B0002VRRVC  Sterling Silver Gothic Black Onyx Fingertip or Thumb Armor Ring Dragon Claws! ||	  Stylus  This is good quality craftsmanship. I use mine as my handheld computer stylus. I store it reversed on my little finger, and wear it on my index finger as a stylus. It is easy to use and accurate, I can do graffiti ( palm input ) and sign my name with it easily. The tip is just the right distance from the finger to position as if I am holding a normal pen. This is much more convenient than a traditional stylus. <end>
 B0002VRSZ2  Sterling Silver Grey HEMATITE Poison Box Ring Size 7(Size 6) ||	  Cool Novelty!  I love this ring! It looks great and feels comfortable! I love the hematite stone - gives the ring a more gothic look. It matches my charm bracelet where all the charms open up to reveal something inside. These rings are a cool novelty and fun to wear! <end>  Gorgeous Hematite Poison ring in Sterling Silver  I love this ring, but I had not realized when I put it in my Wish List that the ring is a size 4. I wear a size 6. I don't think it can be sized up two sizes without stress or damage to the ring so I am removing this item from my Wish List. Too bad, beause I love it! <end>
 B0002VRT06  Sterling Silver Grey Hematite Poison Box or Locket Ring Size 8(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Cool Novelty!  I love this ring! It looks great and feels comfortable! I love the hematite stone - gives the ring a more gothic look. It matches my charm bracelet where all the charms open up to reveal something inside. These rings are a cool novelty and fun to wear! <end>  Gorgeous Hematite Poison ring in Sterling Silver  I love this ring, but I had not realized when I put it in my Wish List that the ring is a size 4. I wear a size 6. I don't think it can be sized up two sizes without stress or damage to the ring so I am removing this item from my Wish List. Too bad, beause I love it! <end>
 B0002VRT24  Sterling Silver Pentacle - Pentagram Link Star Bracelet ||	  Pretty and Well Made  When I ordered this bracelet I knew at 7 1/2 inches it would be too big for me. I had planned on taking out one pentacle, but I can't do it because the bracelet is so well made. The links are welded together. Since I like it so much I'm going to wear it anyway. Maybe they'll make one with one less pentacle for those of us with smaller wrists. <end>
 B0002VRT2O  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Locket Box Poison Cuff Bracelet ||	  great cuff but parts broke off  when i bought this cuff i loved it an wore it a lot but the claps wouldn't stay shut an then the ball holding it closed broke off with the clasp so now i have a cuff that won't stay closed on my sink i can't wear really sucks. But the designs on it are very wonderful <end>  Unique Jewellery  My daughter loves this bracelet, it is intricately designed and is beautifully finished. Well shipped by supplier. <end>  sterling silver pill bracelet  The clasp gets caught on your clothes and opens up so you can lose the pill inside. Good news is, it is a nice looking bracelet. I have received many compliments on it however I did want to keep a pill in it. That is why I purchased such a piece. <end>  Great Bracelet  I love this cuff bracelet. Easy to bend and mold to your wrist, which I have a very small wrist. I wear it all the time. Fast shipping packaged well. <end>  Daughter loves it!  Creative and stylish way to encourage daughter to take her medicine. Comforted that she has an emergency dose when she forgets. <end>
 B0002VRT7E  Small Sterling Silver PINE TREE CONE 3D Charm Pendant ||	  So cute!  Bought this as a gift. It's so tiny and really well crafted!!!Loved it when it arrived. The recipient was quite happy too. <end>
 B0002VZXS6  18K white gold Lotus Mother of Pearl Pendant ||	  absolutely beautiful!!!  I purchased this necklace to replace a similar one I had that had shattered, and I am very pleased with it. This one is double-sided-- one side is white MOP, and the other side is kind of pinkish. Very beautiful. The chain is pretty dinky, but that is understood--it's the pendant that is featured, and the chain is just something to hang it on. I wear mine on a thicker snake chain, and it looks awesome. The dimention of the pendant includes the bail, so the flower itself is not that huge--it's just right.I highly recommend this product--the quality of workmanship is very high, and the quality of MOP is outstanding--no blemishes, very smooth. Worth every penny. <end>
 B0002W04LQ  14K Gold Pearl, Emerald & Lucite Kauai Necklace ||	  so girlie!  I wish I had bought it for myself.It looks so nice draped across my best friends' neck.ahhh <end>
 B0002WRLO4  For a Special Grandma Heart Charm - C1707 ||	  In Memory of my Grandmother  I really loved this charm, I just wish it was a little larger and more legible. <end>
 B0002WRLZS  14K Two Tone Gold God Bless Grandma Heart Charm ||	  My Mother in law loved it !  It was just what I had expected. I needed something for my kids to give their Grandma on her Birthday. This was great Because we all need Gods Blessing. <end>
 B0002X4P1U  Sterling Silver Viking Ship Dragon Head Boat Pendant ||	  Lovely  This pendant is very nice. The size and weight are just right. It reminds me of the real Viking ships I saw in a museum in Norway and while I did not purchase this pendant there it will remind me of that visit. If you like the design then purchase this and you will not be disappointed. <end>
 B0002X4P42  Sterling Silver 18" Inch Byzantine 3mm Chain Necklace ||	  Very attractive detailed chain  It is a stong, tangle-proof chain. I love the look of it and it is nice enough to wear alone. I use it with a large semi-precious stone pendant and it is quite stunning. It is a wider chain but very delicate in appearance. <end>  Never order this item...  A story below,Attn   AMAZON.COMI have just received your refund notification. It's fine with me, but I'd like to know further - why the seller never send me the product ordered. Pls explain to me the whole situation or the result of your investigation. I had waited that silver chain over a month for my daughter. Also I need a sincere apology from the seller and the Amazon.com....Amazon replies to me very poorly - Cannot tell you...etc. <end>  silver chain  after purchasing this, saw a byzantine link on a different silver site that didn't look like this link so I'm not sure what a byzantine link is truly supposed to be. I like that this link -isn't fine looking, it has some substance to it.FAST shipping! <end>  It's Just Ok  It is a nice chain, but in my opinion, the pictures do not give an accurate account of the necklace. This is not a tightly structured byzantine necklace. <end>
 B0002X800W  Cute Stretchy Midnight Sandstone Bracelet ||	  satisfied  This bracelet arrived in timely and in good condition. The bracelet is pretty and I have not had any problems with this bracelet. I have worn it few times and it fits perfectly . <end>  Nice little adornment  Nicely executed little piece of costume jewelry made of actual finished semiprecious stones. Buy one for your favorite princess. <end>
 B0002XM9RM  14 KT Yellow Gold 5mm Princess Clear Cubic Zirconia 14k Stud Post Earrings ||	  Cute earring  This earring set is nice for the price. It has a very clear simulated diamond that looks good when you wear it. Very lightweight, and sits close to the ear. Good for children or adults with small ears or multiple piercings. It can get caught on clothing fairly easily, so be careful or you might lose one. <end>
 B0002XM9SQ  14KT Yellow Gold 7mm Round Clear Cubic Zirconia 14k Stud Post Earrings ||	  JEWELRY  I was very pleased when I received my earrings. I finally ordered something for myself. I couldn't wait to wear them. There's just something about a sparkling piece of jewelry that makes you feel good. I receive compliments on them all the time. I think I'll have to order for myself more often. <end>  Not worth it  Yes, they were inexpensive however as soon as I open the box and took the earrings out. The cubic zirconia popped out of the stud. Also the stud stem bent. I have never seen an earring back placed inside a clear rubber piece, I thought I was allowed to take it out however there earring back is not fully complete so it the equivalent of having an eraser on you back of your ear. How Lame! All in all if you want it for just one night. then I guess otherwise do not buy. its a joke and a waist of money. Plus the shipping took a long time. <end>  Awsome!!!!!!  I bought these earring for my 22 year old son and he absolutely adores them. I was searching for a while and when I saw these earrings I knew they were the he would like the most. A very good price too. <end>  really pretty bling!  Got these earrings for my girlfriend, she loved them.They look awesome! Only problem so far is the backs are so small that one pulled through. Maybe need to buy a bigger backs. <end>  Excellent Gift.  I purchased these as a stocking stuffer for my wife and she loves them. Thanks Gem Avenue, I will shop your store again.Chris <end>
 B0002XP1O0  Multicolor CZ and Marcasite Cross Sterling Silver Pendant and 18" Chain Necklace ||	  Great for teen  This is a perfect gift for a teenager, it's a nice size and very pretty.After a few months it looks awful, it's so tarnished. Obviously not the best quality. <end>
 B0002XPAJG  14k White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1/10 ct, J, I2) ||	  I love this necklace  This is a stunning necklace. It is small so don't expect a whopper of a stone. Rather, it is a delicate piece of jewelry, one that shines and really gets noticed whether it's around a bare neck or against a dark shirt. I wear mine every day and have gotten many, many compliments on it. A nice investment for a nice price. <end>  Great product for the Money  Though small, I love my necklace. It's very femine. It's small, but sparkles and I get compliments all the time on it. <end>
 B0002YDUS8  Sterling Silver Marcasite Purple Jade Cross Pendant w/ 18" Chain Necklace ||	  Awesome Cross  This Cross is amazing! the color is great, it's put together well with one exception the chain is very short. Other than that My Aunt loved it, it was a Christmas gift for her and she loved it. <end>  Nice  A longer chain would make this a 5 star.. It is very pretty. It is made of great materials I just think it needs a little longer chain. <end>
 B0002YDUZG  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B0002Z43QU  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 11 ||	  Eve & Steve from PA.  I ordered this ring to replace my old one. This ring came quick and is beautiful. My husband saw the ring & wanted one for himself, so I ordered him one too. This ring is very comfortable to wear & it really sparkles! Also, it is really worth the money. <end>  Just OK  I wanted two weeks before I received the ring. The Ring is rather pretty. But the waiting is too long a time. Hope it could be faster next time! <end>
 B0002Z43R4  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 12 ||	  Eve & Steve from PA.  I ordered this ring to replace my old one. This ring came quick and is beautiful. My husband saw the ring & wanted one for himself, so I ordered him one too. This ring is very comfortable to wear & it really sparkles! Also, it is really worth the money. <end>  Just OK  I wanted two weeks before I received the ring. The Ring is rather pretty. But the waiting is too long a time. Hope it could be faster next time! <end>
 B0002Z43X8  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 8 ||	  Eve & Steve from PA.  I ordered this ring to replace my old one. This ring came quick and is beautiful. My husband saw the ring & wanted one for himself, so I ordered him one too. This ring is very comfortable to wear & it really sparkles! Also, it is really worth the money. <end>  Just OK  I wanted two weeks before I received the ring. The Ring is rather pretty. But the waiting is too long a time. Hope it could be faster next time! <end>
 B0002Z440K  New 10K Two Tone Gold 4mm Ring Diamond-Cut Wedding Band Size 11 ||	  Beware  I will never order anything from this company again. I found out several days after I ordered this item, that it was unavailable. I did finally get a refund after much headache between contacting this store and contacting Amazon. What got me the most was that there was no communication between this third-party and Amazon. Nothing was correct on my account. And worst of all, nobody ever changed this item to show that it was unavailable! I worry about some one else making the same mistake. Seeing as anyone could go in and order the same ring (same size too) as what I was told was out of stock! <end>  Bad Experience with Gem Avenue.  I wish, I could have read the Karen's review before I placed my order. I got an intimation after a week that the product is not available.Why are they listing the product if it is not available for delivery ?!I wish I would have given a negative star rating instead of a rating of one star. <end>
 B0002Z7LX2  Sterling Silver White CZ Ice Drip Chandelier Earrings ||	  disappointment  much smaller tham i thought these would be. hardly can see the stones, i've never worn them, but too much of a hassle to send back! buyer beware! <end>
 B0002Z7LXW  Sterling Silver Petite Mesh Look Huggie Hoop Earrings ||	  Nice but larger than expected  These earrings are really nice. I just think they are meant for someone a little older since they are large.I think they'd be perfect for someone over 40. <end>
 B0002Z7M0E  Sterling Silver Spinning Knot Chain Spin Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Love it!  It's an absolutely wonderful ring. Feels great against the skin and doesn't itch the fingers beside it. The section for the celtic knots spins within the base of the ring. It has to be my favorite. Will have to keep checking in to see if the product gets restocked, though. I lost it in some bathroom when I was washing my hands. <end>  Great ring and quality product  I recieved this as a gift for a friend. It is a very sturdy and weighted ring, it very smoothly spins, and has a nice finnish to it. <end>  Spinning Ring  I'll be honest. I don't care much for this ring (personal taste), but my husband (the one who bought and wears it) loves it and has worn it everyday since the day he got it. It's lightweight and the chain pattern in the middle of the ring actually rotates, i.e. "spins". He's constanly playing with it.The ring itself is still like the day he bought it, several months ago, and it has not tarnished or rubbed off in anyway. So I suppose it's worth the purchase. <end>  Dissapointed, and returned  This is a review of the product only - all interactions with the retail company were fantastic. I bought this ring based on the picture and reviews - however the reality was much different. The ring is extremely lightweight - and as a man, I prefer my jewelry with a solid, substantial feel. The detail on the chain was quite poor and at times individual links were melted into the other. The black contrast is not as significant or shiny as the picture conveys, and as a result of the chain being free to rotate, the ring makes a slight "tinkling" sound as your hand is moved. Return was accomplished quite easily using the original packaging and $2 for S&H and the credit was applied within 3 business days of receipt confirmation. <end>  cheap quality  cheap quality.. I don't recommend it. The spinning section wiggles and you grow tired of it, about 2 minutes after wearing it <end>  Good, quick delivery!  The ring was exactly as it was pictured. The size fit well and delivery was quick.Thanks! <end>  sterling silver ring  I was very satisfied with the product. They were very prompt in getting it to me and it was exactly what I ordered. <end>
 B0002Z7M18  Large Sterling Silver Mens Gothic Cross Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,11.5,12,13,14) ||	  a masculine ring for someone who may not normally wear a ring  I first found, and bought, this ring in a booth at a large 'biker' event - Bikes, Blues and Barbeque - a fe years ago. I'd been wanting a ring for some time, but never found anything that appealed to my tastes - masculine but not gaudy or overbearing/overlarge. I've gotten numerous compliments on it from strangers....and was sad to let it go when a lady-friend asked for it as a keep-sake (lol).I missed it and wanted to replace it, but was skeptical that I could find anything that fit 'me' so well. I began searching Amazon under men's rings..and I was thrilled when I found the exact ring here.This ring actually even sparkles - glinting off the edges - in sunlight. I gave one to my best frined for his birthday the other day and his wife and daughters love it on him. <end>
 B0002Z7M4U  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Puzzle Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  It's a puzzler!  I do like this puzzle ring, even though I have not ventured to take it apart and reassemble it again. On my receipt, I saw an e-mail address for instructions on how to solve it, but the address didn't work. However, there are instructions at another site ([...]) for their claddagh puzzle rings that may be helpful if you can't solve it.All in all, a neat looking ring, but take it apart at your own risk!  ) <end>  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Puzzle Band Ring Size  love this ring it is still in good condition and NOPE I never took it apart. I wanted to so bad but read on line it was very hard to get it back together. I had a lot of compliments on this one <end>  Great Ring! Challenging and Fun!  My boyfriend bought me this ring. I love it! A claddagh ring and a puzzle ring in one!! Great idea!It was tricky to put back together the first couple times, but I love a challenge (otherwise what's the point of a puzzle ring??) and now that I now how to do it I can put it back together in about a minute. Just don't force it - as many others have mentioned the individual rings are thin and bend easily. No force it necessary to get it back together, just a bit of finagling.I did find that it was a bit tarnished when I first took it apart but some baking soda and water polished it up nicely. It could have gotten five stars had it not been tarnished upon arrival. Boyfriend, however, does get five stars. <end>  bad idea.  I had this maybe two weeks before it broke. Junk. Thin week bands make for bad puzzle pieces. This thing will not stand up to daily wear for long. <end>  Love the ring!  I love my ring, although I have not tried to take it apart. I have always wanted a Claddagh ring and bought this for me for my birthday. I received it fast and it is beautiful. I have read the other reviews on how hard it is to take it apart or put it back together. I do not even want to try, I love it just the way it is! This is the second ring that I have ordered from Amazon.com and would recommend them to anyone that loves puzzle rings or Celtic jewelry! <end>  Fantastic  This is the most unique claddagh I've seen yet, a claddagh AND a puzzle ring. Great quality, quick shipping. I was very pleased. <end>  Awful  I ordered this ring for my daughter. It arrived severely tarnished. Because it was an inexpensive ring it didn't make sense to pay for shipping to send it back. We took the ring apart and used some silver polish on it. The tarnish came off but but so did silver coating also the ring is impossible to put back together. The instructions aren't for this ring in particular and aren't very clear. Not to mention how flimsy the metal is. Not a good buy. <end>  Other Opinion  I have read the other reviews about the weak metal, and the fact that people can't put the ring back together. My husband bought this ring for me and I could not even take it apart. Puzzle rings in general are thinner so they break and bend easily if your not careful. My husband bought it a lil too small, so I had it resized... the jeweler didn't want to until I said that I didn't care about the fact that it would never come apart. I love it and it is a great sign of love between us. <end>  An enjoyable piece  While not an exceptional ring, this is still an enjoyable piece for fans of either the Claddagh or puzzle rings in general.Both my wife and I wear a Claddagh for our wedding rings. The puzzle rings came this afternoon and while my wife hasn't dismantled hers just yet I simply couldn't wait. This, like most puzzle rings, is tricky and requires a certain amount of dexterity and patience. After playing with it for a couple of horus I succumbed and found a very useful video tutorial by Googling '4BDS Puzzle Ring Solution Video'While I feel like I cheated some; the solution, once you've learned it, comes pretty readily to mind.The only reason I held back on 5 stars is the metal bands have become somewhat warped in my frustrated gropings! The inside of the bands will appear damaged and tarnished - I imagine this ring may be silver plated. From other reviewers' mention of allergic reactions, don't be fooled in thinking this is a sterling silver ring. <end>  Claddagh Puzzle Ring  Nice ring for price. We have found the silver to be a little soft. Bends easily. The instructions on the Internet are not ring specific for this item, therefore we are afraid to even take it apart. Needs better instructions written for specific rings. <end>  Present for Daughter  I bought this as a present for my daughter. I was very pleased with the quality and the finish of the ring. (If anyone wants additional instructions about how to put it together, check wikipedia. I believe there is even a video.) I highly recommend this ring for people who enjoy sterling silver, symbolism, and something just a little bit different. <end>  Nice ring  Nice ring, fast delivery. I still need to check it out, because my daughter says it doesn't completely "break down" the way my old puzzle ring did. <end>  if only i could put it back together!  I got this ring for my girlfriend for her birthday. We both loved it, it is really quite beautiful. Yet we still can't put it back together. It has been apart for about two months now, it's really disappointing. If you're amazing at putting things together, than you'll like it. If you're not, you'll probably still like it, but you might wan to leave it together. <end>  Rings were beautiful...the puzzle not so...  I bought two of the claddagh puzzle rings for me and my boyfriend for christmas. I was so excited that I recieved them by Christmas. The rings looked as I expected them too and I was thrilled to have matching rings for my boyfriend and I. However I was very very dissapointed when my puzzle ring fell apart and ther was no directions to put it back together. It fell apart the first night I got it before I had the chance to give my boyfriend his, which of course again very dissapointing seeing as I bought it as christmas presents. I tried for several hours that night to get it back together and so did other family members but no luck. We even got instructions with diagrams and watched a movie of it but it still wouldn't go back together. Luckily my boyfriends hasn't fell apart yet nor has he taken it apart after hearing my horor story of it. I had to buy a new ring from them just to have our matching rings because we are getting our pictures taken together. Hopefully it will arive soon and then when it does I am wrapping something around it to get it to stay together before I can get it welded. But its pretty dissapointing I have to do this seeing as its suppose to be a puzzle ring. All in all though they are pretty beautiful rings just be careful with them and don't take them apart unless you have plenty of time trying to figure out how to put them back together or you plan on spending another 20 plus shipping for a new ring. By the way you can't send the ring back for a refund unless it is assembled so beware of that too. The company itself gets a good rating from me though. <end>  Wow  I got a lot of shipping alerts and was confused as to when it would arrive, but i got it now and I couldn't be more pleased!!! gorgeous! I can't wait to take it apart and put it back together again!! Perfect for puzzle lovers! <end>  gripkid  I really love this ring! I mainly got it because they showed it on an episode of the Buffy the vampire slayer for a big fan one of these rings are a must! I haven't ventured to take it apart...YET and to be honest by the looks of these reviews it'll be a long time before i do *give me two-three days* haha BUT i did find some instructions from the website silver sanity that sells these the the website that they put on the reciept is kinda funky and i had to google it just to get to the right page but i'll post it on here seeing as no one else has---How to assemble a four link puzzle ring, step by step.Puzzles rings are a most intriguing piece of jewelry, with an interesting lore attached to them. In some areas of Turkey, they are the most common wedding band worn. Originally, they were intended to serve as a sort of motivator to keep married people faithful to one another. The theory was, if a spouse endeavored to commit adultery, they would first have to remove their wedding band, hiding their marital status from the potential fling. Since the rings are made up of interlocking bands, forming a pattern that requires knowledge to duplicate, once they are removed from the finger they fall apart quite easily...thus incriminating the guilty party.Today, these rings are worn mostly because of their beauty, not to mention the fact that they are excellent conversation pieces. They are a popular souvenier among tourists in the Middle East, especially Turkey. Many military personnel return from a tour of duty owning one or more of these rings, however, in time, the solution is forgotten!The following is a step by step solution for a thin band, four link puzzle ring.1. You will notice that the four bands are similar, but upon closer inspection there are slight differences. Two of the links have a simple peak to them, and the other two links have a dip and a peak. Look carefully to identify each link. At this time, single out the link that has a simple peak, with 4 etches carved into it. (The etches may be faint, compare the two simple peak links and choose the one with more grooves)2. Once you have found the simple peaked link with four grooves, hold that link only, letting the other links dangle. Turn the ring so that the top of the peak is pointing away from you. There should be two links dangling from the link you are holding, with the fourth link dangling from those two links.3. While still holding the four grooved link, take the other simple peaked link, which should be the one dangling from the bottom, and bring it up to meet with the one you are holding. You should now be holding the two links together, the bands of the links together, and the points of the peaks pointing outwards, opposite of each other (It should look like a diamond)4. Continue holding the links together with your thumb and pointer finger (you will need your other fingers for the next part).5. You will notice that you now have the two 'dip and peak' links dangling from the two links you are holding. Select the link on the right---this is trial and error, sometimes the correct link will be on the right already, and sometimes you may have to pass the wrong link over the top of the ring in order to place the correct link in the proper position. The two dangling links are very hard to tell apart, so you will discover which is the correct one for the next step by following these instructions  6. After grabbing the dangling link on the right, turn the link so that the peaks and dips face you. Looking at the link, notice the dips and peaks. You want the link that has peaks that point like arrows to the LEFT, then the right. (The other link has peaks that point like arrows to the RIGHT, then left )7. When you have found the correct link for the next step, hold it taut against the two simple peak bands you have been holding between your thumb and forefinger. The band of those two links should now be resting against the LEFT pointing peak of the selected link, and you should adjust your hands so that you are holding that link on your pinky, taut.8. With your free hand, grab the last remaining link. Turn the link so that the peaks and dips face the top of the ring (you should be holding the ring upright the entire time) Bring the remaining link towards the right, and overlap it with the link you're holding on your pinky. The easiest way to do this is to imagine you are trying to put the other link on your pinky with the one that's already there. If this is done correctly, you will still be holding the two simple peak links between your thumb and forefinger, and they will form a diamond shape. You will also be holding the other two links on your pinky, they should form a figure eight, with the other two bands passing through the center.9. At this point, I usually change the position of my hands. Now ,hold the figure eight together with your thumb and middle finger, trying not to disrupt the other ones too much! Try to maintain the diamond shape in some way, hold it however you are comfortable, in a way that will enable you to continue with these instructions.10. Select the link on the top, closest to you. (part of the diamond) Spin the link around so that the peak fits through the figure eight---also, make sure that once the peak is inside the figure eight it also passes through the band of the other part of the 'diamond' . When the link has been spun, and passed through the figure eight and the band of the remaining link, fold it downwards, so that it is flush with the two links that form a figure eight.11. Well, you made it to the last remaining link...congratulations!All you have to do now is carefully spin the last link so the peak fits between the peaks and gaps of the already mostly assembled ring (just spin it, no need to do anything fancy! ) Once the last remaining link has been passed through the ring, fold it down to lay flush with the rest of the links.12. Enjoy your puzzle ring!Solving your puzzle ring may have seemed difficult and awkward this time, but with practice it's actually quite simple. If you don't feel confident that you would be able to repeat this feat, I suggest taking the ring to a reputable jeweler to be soldered together! <end>  Confusing but not too bad`  I absolutely love the look of the ring! My friend took it apart, and I worked on it non-stop for almost a day before I looked up directions on-line. Once I foudn a couple sets, I compared them and it wasn't too bad to put back together.Again, I think the ring is gorgeous. <end>  Comes with Warnings!!!  this ring, i lovedwhen i got it..even betterbut i was so curiouse as to..if i could take it apart and put it back together. not even a week and i folled around with it, bad idea. it fell apart.i still cant get it together and been messing with it any chance i could get. the instructions it comes with isnt the best either. its all words and no images. kinda confusing. so do take apart but i warn you, you better be patient and very talented to get it together <end>  Tarnish Crap!  I ordered this ring and wore it a few times and it got all tarnished! So it is not Stainless Steel, and it wasnt worth sending it back! dont waste your money!!! <end>  gorgeous  i love puzzle rings. in england it's real difficult to find themi love the jewellery on amazon <end>  Be careful about sizing  This was given to me as a gift, and the person who gave it to me based the sizing on the sizing of the rest of the rings I wear. However, whatwe discovered is that these rings are a bit bulky (of course, that's what puzzle rings are about!), so mine is a bit too tight. I think Silver Insanity's website has instructions on sizing, but just in case that isn't an option I recommend goinga size larger. <end>  waste of money  I bought this ring for my girlfriend and 2 months later it completely fell apart. The bands on the ring actually broke apart and piece by piece the ring crumbled. Poor quality, I am not sure if it relates the thin bands that construct the puzzle ring, or the fragile nature of the metal. I wish I had my 25 bucks back. <end>  Awful ring..  Well atleast the package came quickly, cause the ring is horrible. I took it apart to see if I could put it back together, and what do I see, but the entire inside of the ring is tarnished. I used jewelery polish, and still couldn't get the ring to a silver look. Oh, and one of the bands snapped when I tried to put it back together for the first time. I contacted the seller, and am trying to get a refund. Hopefully their service is better than their products. <end>  Very Nice Ring  This is my fave ring of all time. It comes with a string around it so it won't fall a part when you take it out of the box. Although, mine has to never come apart. It doesn't just fall apart like some of the looser knots do. I got a size 9 & it is a heavy ring so if you don't like heavy rings this one might not be for you.I love this ring & the company has a video you can watch & learn to how to put it, & other puzzle rings, back together. The indviual bands are thin & can bend so you have to be nice it, but it is well worth the money. <end>  It's terrible  I bought this ring for my fiance, since i have one, and it's a terrible ring. We got it apart, and then.....have not been able to get it back together, it's been over a month now, we went online to get the directions, that didn't help either. Plus, the ring is so cheap, it warmed up with the effort from our hands and bent out of shape. It is cheap and completely useless. <end>  pretty, but flimsy ring with useless assembly instructions  The ring is very pretty, but the instructions to reassemble the ring are useless and you have to be very careful with the individual rings as they are very thin metal. <end>  a puzzler!  I loved this ring the moment I saw it, and begged my boyfriend to buy it for me for christmas.When I got it, I immediatly put it on. I thought "Well, I wonder how it comes apart."BIG MISTAKE!It still hasn't been put back together, after two months, and every person in my family tried. I suggest that it come with instructions. (yes, even though this defeats the purpose) <end>  Watch out for sensitive skin  I purchased this ring for my girlfriend for Christmas after she mentioned having a claddagh ring before that broke. I think it is a really cool design and thought she'd enjoy the fact that it is a puzzle ring. And while she was really excited and likes the ring a lot she can not wear it for long periods of time due to the fact that it causes her to get blisters on her finger due to something in the metal. After later doing research on this I learned that there is a sizable number of people allergic to nickel which I suspect is present in this ring. <end>  Looks nice  I haven't disassembled it yet for fear of not being able to put it back together again. Doesn't look too hard, but judging by other reviewers' experiences, I decided not to try my luck. It looks quite nice the way it is.Once again, Silver Insanity did an excellent job. Amazon had mistakenly placed two orders, but Silver Insanity noticed it and called my attention to the fact. <end>  HELLLPPPPPP  Someone, please help me!!I have tried all the online help videos and guides and such, and I still cannot figure out how to put this blasted ring together again! PLEASE HELP! <end>  Puzzle Ring Plus  This ring is awesome. It is well made and amazing how it fits together. My only complaint is that the idea of a puzzle ring is misleading. I thought that all four bands would come totally apart from each other. I was going to keep two rings for myself and give two rings to another person as a representation that we are two pieces, but when we are together we are whole. The problem is the rings are all inter-looped, so in order to do this I am going to have to cut them and solder them together. The other thing was, which is good for someone who doesn't want to worry about it falling apart....is that once I clipped the white band that was holding it together, it didn't fall all apart. I was expecting it to just fall to pieces. I literally had to struggle and pull at it to get it to come apart....in fact I lost patience in getting it apart and had to give it to someone else to pull apart. So as long as you aren't trying to use it like I wanted to, this ring is perfect for you. It doesn't come apart easily and they are all looped together so you can't lose any of the pieces. <end>
 B0002Z7MB8  Sterling Silver Multi-Stone CZ Dragonfly Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8) ||	  Dragonfly Ring  This will go with any color due to the 4 different stones. Much better quality than I expected at very little cost. I'm delighted with it. Fast delivery from a good company. <end>
 B0002Z7MEU  Sterling Silver Amethyst Snowflake Filigree Earrings ||	  Delicate, nice for the price  I bought these for a gift and was pleased with the size (not too big or small) and quality. The stones all matched in size. I've always been happy with any jewelry I've purchased from silver insanity. <end>
 B0002Z7MF4  Heavy Armor Sterling Silver Full Finger Ring Adjustable(Sizes 7,9,11,11,12) ||	  Pretty Heavy, but small design flaw  I a similar ring off of a auction site. The flaw lies in the middle part of the ring, being that its a complete ring it cuts down on the flexiblity of the over all joint. I ended up taking mine to a silver smith and had him remove the back section of the middle ring and it really helped out with the flexibility <end>
 B0002Z7MHW  Imbolc Sterling Silver Beauty Celtic Birth Charm Pendant for January 23 - February 13 ||	  disappointing quality  Charm is very thin and flimsy - feels like something you'd get at a dollar store- design doesn't show up accurately in photos - I won't order from this company again - low quality - too bad because the celtic birth charm idea is interesting - <end>
 B0002Z7Z06  Sterling Silver and Black Resin Earrings ||	  i wouldn't buy these again  these were pretty and that's why i chose them, but they're pretty heavy and don't hang well on the ear. they also were shipped missing a back. <end>
 B0002ZG1U6  Pugster Mother Son Hearts Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Terrible!  This charm is a total waste of money! The words are so small you can't even read them. Worst italian charm I ever bought! (and I've bought many!) <end>  i am happy  I was really very dexterous when I opened this and it was very pretty as well as high quality. I bought this for my mother whose birthday is coming up pretty soon. I'm very excited to give this gift. This was fine for the price. I would definitely buy it again. <end>  Good  I was really happy with big sis little sister pandora charms. I bought this charm for my sister. It is very stylish and good looking design. I'm also impressed with the quality and price. It is also a great addition to your European charm. It works perfect and save us time from having to go to the store! I would order once. Thanks <end>  Don't buy  Just a piece of metal? I thought it was supposed to go on a bracelet at least... Either way you can't read the writing at all. <end>
 B0002ZG84U  Pugster Laser Kerry Edwards Travel & Flags Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Great Product, Great Service!  Great Product and Great Service - arrived in australia a matter of days later!Great stuff Pugster! <end>
 B0002ZG85Y  Pugster Amore Lavita Charm Toggle Bracelet With Heart ||	  Lovely  This bracelet is really lovely. I really like the toggle clasp. I think it looks prettier than it did in the picture <end>
 B0002ZUXLE  Pugster I''m Not Spoiled I''m Loved Italian Charm ||	  Spoiled!  I have to disagree with the other comments in regards to the writing size of the text on the actual link itself....exactly what size were you expecting it to be, given Italian charms are all the same standard size? Of course its going to be small with mini-print. This is one of the links on my keychain and it's adorable, readable, and on a matte background. I'm able to read it, no problem, but then I knew what to expect size-wise when I ordered the item. Pleased, arrived quickly, and I thanked my fiance for the appropriate gift to add to my other links  ) <end>  TOO TINY  The ACTUAL pc is 1/8 of the photo and you need a magnifying glass to read the words. If they had included a return slip... they would have gone right back. <end>  Bracelet  I thought it would work on my charm bracelet but it wasn't the charm I thought it was....it was flat and I wanted it to be more round and holes to fit a bracelet <end>  excellent  I love this Italian charm. It is very pretty. I recieved this from my best frind for my birthday and I was pleased to get it. I do own a lot of these pugster charms and each and every one is different. I love it. Recommended. <end>  love  i have nothing bad to say about this product. It works well and i use it everyday. nice and easy <end>
 B000300YZ8  Mens Sterling Silver Gothic Wrapping SNAKE Ring size 9.5(Size 9) ||	  Good looking, but horribly fragile  I ordered this ring about three and a half months ago, and after wearing it nearly everyday, it recently broke literally in half (so now I have to "C" shaped pieces). I was taking it off, it fell on a hard surface from about two feet and cracked on the weld located directly opposite the snake "head" part. I was never excessively rough with the ring, so it had to be craftsmanship. Also noticed was that the silver plating had begun to come off rather quickly around the edges of the ring, and it turned black. The plating wearing off wasn't too bad looking but I was rather dissapionted when it broke in half in a situation were most rings would leave unscathed. I am giving it a two because it looks good and feels heavy, but is simply made to a standard not fit for everyday use. I would only recommend it to people looking to use it casually, once or twice a week. Otherwise, it will break, it is not a ring to wear everyday. <end>
 B000300Z0M  4mm Sterling Silver Shaped Marcasite Band Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  .a delightful combination of silver and stars.  If you're looking for a "perfectly" crafted ring, skip this one. The shape of the stars varies and upon close inspection, the band has a few flaws.However, if you're looking for a fun ring to add a little sparkle to your hand... then this ring won't disappoint. I appreciate the slight flaws found in this darling ring, as I immediately fell in love with it the moment I placed it on my finger. If it wasn't for the slight flaws, I would have given it 5 stars. This ring is absolutely darling.Update  3.10.11The ring I wrote this review for is no longer showing on this page. It used to be a silver ring with stars that had czs in the middle of them. I don't understand why this company didn't make a new listing for the marcasite ring that is currently showing. <end>  sparkly  This ring gets lots of compliments. I love the tiny stars and how sparkly the gems are. <end>
 B000300Z2K  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Inlay Cuff Links Cufflinks ||	  I would give 0 stars if I could  Poorly constructed out of inferior materials. The gift bag they're delivered in is of higher quality than the cufflinks. I received these as a Christmas gift and will be returning them immediately. The gift giver was as disappointed as I am with the poor quality of these cufflinks. <end>  Good-Buy  These are nice cufflinks and are of realitivly good quality for the price. The only thing is the hinge piece seems weak but otherwise is okay. <end>  Great pair of cuff links, simple, not gaudy  I'm very please with this set, just as pictured, very good quality. Simple, understated, perfect sized unlike some that stand out way too much. Perfect for the extra touch of class. <end>
 B000300ZBQ  Oval Rainbow Moonstone Drops Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Great Birthday Gift Idea  I bought these for a friend's birthday and she loved them. The price is great, and if you have a girlfriend who loves moonstones, these are the right earrings! They come in a little pouch and are ready for gift giving. <end>  moonstone earrings  These are excellent every day wear with everythingearrings. Comfortable and stylish. I have boughtthem multiple times and have given them away to theiradmirers multiple times. <end>
 B000302AKK  Sterling Silver Saint Christopher Medal 7/8 x 1/2 inch Oval Made in Italy, Free 24 inch Surgical Steel Chain ||	  st christopher medal silver  I am realy pleased with my peice of jewellery and i would buy of this seller again. I bought an egyptian cross of them and I always wear it round my neck on a heavy silver chain and the st christopher is round my neck as well also it was a good price as is all their items. <end>
 B00030BABA  3 Compartment Jewelry Organizer by Neatnix ||	  Great tray to hold all your daily essentials  This product is great! I use the two square areas to hold my phone and wallet, and I use the longer area to hold my sunglasses and keys. Very low profile, nice looking, and functional. <end>  Valet tray serves purpose but inelegant  Serviceable but disappointing.The valet tray consists of a flimsy inner tray, in burgundy velour, fitting inside a shiny clear plastic outer section. The plastic is ugly, not suitable for a dresser, yet the velour compartments are too flimsy to work on their own. The better thing would have been to design a sturdier velour tray. <end>
 B00030DBQW  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030DC98  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030DCE8  Solid Sterling Silver 8mm Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Good product  The items from this site are beautiful and fairly priced. Shipping is quite fast. Thank you! <end>  Buyer Beware  I bought this ring to use as a junker substitute wedding band when out in the woods/backpacking/etc. To be quite honest, the price is right here for a nearly disposable ring. It really is dirt cheap. But, you get what you pay for. As I wore the ring today to get a feel for it, I noticed the seam where it was sized as the solder showed up as a distinct dark strip with a large pool at one end of the seam. It is insignificant due the role this ring plays for me, but you should be forewarned that the quality, at least in my case, is directly proportional to the price. If you're looking for something nice that you will wear on a regular basis, you may want to spend a little more money, but if you want a beater to take damage you would rather not inflict on the wedding band you invested in, this is perfect.&lt;edit> Well, to seal the deal, it turned my finger blue over night due to the sloppy solder job. <end>
 B00030FDFE  Celtic Knot Eternal Heart Sterling Silver Pendant 18" Chain Necklace ||	  great  this pendant is really nice. i bought it as a gift. it is just the pendant so you do have to get a chain. <end>  Nice  It was much smaller than we anticipated on arrival but still a nice gift for my daughter. She liked it, all that matters. <end>  Great gift.  I got this as a gift for my girlfriend. It is made of great quality. She loved it i deffinatly recommend as a gift if your looking for something as a gift, <end>  A wonderful gift  My boyfriend bought me this necklace as an anniversary gift two years ago. Since then, the chain has broken and the back of the pendant has turned copper. The pendant itself is one sided, the back of the pendant is flat. The chain itself is a tiny chained necklace, and it lasted for the majority of the time that I've had it. I don't quite remember how it broke, but it had some force to it, so the chain itself is very sturdy. Also considering I never take it off. As for the pendant, I assume only the chain and the front of the pendant is sterling silver. As I stated the back of my pendant now is copper or rusted. I did try to buff it out with a sterling silver rag, only the front of the pendant gleamed. I'm incredibly attached to this necklace though and I do encourage you to buy it. It's exactly like the picture, it's perfect.  ] <end>  This was perfect  I bought this neclace along with the matching earrings as a wedding present for my mother-in-law and she loved them. The chain is the perfect length. The set is just so pretty and matches any outfit. <end>  Celtic Knot Eternal Heart  Celtic Knot Eternal Heart Sterling Silver Pendant 18" Chain NecklaceBeautiful piece...a little small, but it will work. We are very pleased. Thank you! <end>  Pretty Little Necklace  This is a nicely crafted necklace - it's hard to see in the image, but the knot-work is an open weave and you can see through it. I've received several compliments on it, and once asked if it was a locket. <end>  NIce gift  I ordered this for my sister's birthday. Beautiful and great quality.... Overall I was pretty happy with the item and she loved it! The heart pendant was a bit smaller than I expected but you can still appreciate the detail. <end>  High-Quality Success  The necklace and charm set was purchased as a gift for my 8-year old niece, who loves horses. Both the chain and charm are high-quality and sturdy, while not looking heavy or bulky. My niece loves the set! <end>
 B0004HD8VW  Cross Pendant with 18 inch necklace 10K Yellow Gold 34X24mm ||	  Very nice cross  I thought the price was good and I was very pleased when the cross arrived. It is a man's size, which was what I wanted. It is a beautiful cross! <end>
 B0004K4JXA  Dove of Peace Pin from the Artazia Collection #062 JP NP ||	  Excellent gift!  My sister is always very difficult to shop for. I don't typically wear broaches or pins, but she seems to always have one. I bought this for her this year for her birthday. She loved it! As a schoolteacher, she has a lot of opportunity to wear it. Her feedback to me is that she has received A LOT of compliments while wearing it. Turned out to be a great gift! <end>  Beautiful Piece  This is a very nice piece. Colors are great, and it is quite heavy in a good way -- not thin or 'tin-y', craftsmanship is impecable. <end>  Fabulous Pin!  This pin is gorgeous! The image here really doesn't do it justice. The handpainting is exquisite, and the silver work is very high quality. Every time I wear it I'm told how beautiful it is and I'm asked where to find it. I'm completely pleased with my purchase! <end>
 B0004K4MSC  Quilting Pin from the Artazia Collection #252 GP ||	  Beautiful pin, well crafted  I got this pin for my mom as a gift. She LOVED it. When I saw it myself in person, I was also impressed. The details are beautiful and it is very well made. A smart purchase. <end>  Beautiful Gift for a Quilter!  This was a gift for my sister-in-law - a long time quilter. She absolutely adored it and wears it daily! The quality is exceptional and such a lovely piece! <end>  Never seen anything like it !  This is an exceptional pin and could not have been more perfect if it walked itself to the door. Very impressive and is even better than pictured. <end>  Beautiful  Along with other reviewers, I'd have to say this pin is simply beautiful. It is very well made with great detail. I bought the pin as a gift for my wife and she loves it. <end>  Gift for Quilter  I got this as a gift for my future mother-in-law (a quilter) and she loves it! She's gotten positive comments from the other members of her quilters guild.One recommendation  the needle's size is a bit large when compared to the quilt. Perhaps the designer could consider reducing its size, or increasing the size of the quilt. <end>
 B0004K4NNQ  Cat with Crown Pin from the Artazia Collection #214 NP ||	  Mom Loved It!  I bought this pin for my mother, a cat lover. She absolutely loved it. Very beautiful piece of artwork when you remove it from the box. The colors are bright and the craftsmanship is obvious. Good find! <end>  Cat pin  LOVE this pin! I purchased it as a gift for my sister but think I want one for myself!! Nicely done and worth the cost for something so unique. <end>
 B0004K52OK  Vibrant Hamsa Necklace to Protect from the Evil Eye from the Artazia Collection #380 JN MN ||	  Beautiful necklace.  I had been searching for a Hamsa I liked over a period of several months to a year. Was I delighted to come across this one. It was the most unique and beautiful one I had ever seen and am very pleased with the necklace. <end>  Good for a child  I thought this piece looked so beautiful online. It looks pretty in person, but the hamsa is extremely thin, it just kind of feels like a piece of tin. It is very pretty, though. I think this is a very nice gift for a young girl or a teen. <end>  A great surprise!  This is a beautiful and unique piece. It was a Valentines Day present, and I love it! <end>  hamsa collector  Awesome looking necklace. Have had it for years. Back of it has worn, but front looks great. Everyone comments on it. <end>  Beautiful  This piece is beautiful in person, very original. It is thin but it is not flimsy and it looks very beautiful when wearing it. It looksjust like the picture. <end>
 B0004K5G4G  Star of David Necklace from the Artazia Collection #2304 JN ||	  star of David  This is a very pretty Star of David. Since its base is stainless steel I was hoping that I would be able to put it on and not take it off. This is not the case, i guess because of the stones you are advised to handle with care. So, while it is pretty it was not exactly what I wanted. <end>
 B00061FC2Y  Sterling Silver Linked Sunflower Charm 9.5" - 10.5" Anklet ||	  I would have paid more.  Very happy with this anklet. However, my ankle is on the smaller side and it doesn't have a lot of extra room so keep that in mind when ordering. The picture does not do the detail of this piece justice. <end>
 B00061NHXA  Extra Large 14k Gold Endless 2 3/8" (2.4" diameter) Hoop Earrings, 2mm Thick Continuous Eternal Wire Loop, 2x60mm ||	  X/L Hoops  These are nice wire hoops. I would have given them 5 stars, but I have medium length hair and sometimes when I flip it or move it off my shoulder my finger gets caught in it & I snatch the hoop out of my ear! (It doesn't hurt, more concerned about losing the earring).If you have long hair or are rough with jewelry, look for some with a more secure closure. <end>  Quality  The quality is not what I expected. The earrings are too flimsy and thin. I was hoping for something a little heavier and strong in a large hoop. <end>  Pure garbage!  These are the worst earrings ever. They are worth no more than $40 at best. Cheap and very flimsy. Save your money! <end>  Thin small flimsy gold hoops  I purchased these and when they arrived I was so dissapointed. I gues somethings you have to see before you purchase. I tried to return and was told I had to pay a fee. What a ripoff. <end>  Don't waste your money  I love hoops and wanted large gold hoops. I received them as a gift and they are toooooo flimsy and I will loose one as I too have already pulled it out of my ear by moving my hair. The product should be about $20, it is only 14K and VERY THIN. I am dissatisfied with this product and would not buy from seller again. <end>
 B00063DMJ2  Brass ACHIEVE SUCCESS Solomon Talisman Pendant Necklace ||	  Used this Amulet/Talisman and had great results  Obviously if you sit on your butt and wait for the postman to make your dreams come true this won't do much, but if you put energy into the world to make things happen, this amulet definitely enhances the results you get from the energy you put out. <end>
 B00063DN7S  Sterling Silver CELTIC Knot Green Crystal Ring(Sizes 6,7,7.5,8,9) ||	  Love it  D  My daughter says "It is really pretty and I love it." It does not stain her finger. A good deal! <end>
 B00063E6U6  Boma Sterling Silver Cross Post Earrings ||	  Pretty Cross Earrings!!  I recieved these Cross earrings yesterday....I LOVE THEM!! I'm A Sterling Silver or White Gold person...I'm Very Satisfied with my Purchase! <end>
 B00063QUAA  jc2321czm-7 Solitaire Pink CZ .925 Silver Ring Size 7 ||	  Very pretty  I ordered this ring with the intention of trying out different styles for a right hand ring. I was genuinely surprised with the size of it! I was expecting a nice dainty little ring but instead found a larger ring that shines beautifully. I've worn it for about 2 days and it hasn't tarnished yet. Here's to hoping that it doesn't. The stone in the picture is a little darker (as stated). It's actually a very pretty pink. The band nicks easy, but no one is going to look that closely at your ring. All in all, a very nice ring for the price. I'm gonna go look for more similar products to this one. <end>
 B00064A6VI  Sterling Silver 5- Stone Natural Pink Ruby Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,8,9) ||	  Beautiful Ring  This is a truly beautiful ring at a amazingly affordable price. I bought one for myself and one for a friend whose birthday is also in July. I would recommend this to anyone. <end>
 B00064C4XQ  Sterling Silver Multi-Stone CZ Dragonfly Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8) ||	  Dragonfly Ring  This will go with any color due to the 4 different stones. Much better quality than I expected at very little cost. I'm delighted with it. Fast delivery from a good company. <end>
 B00064C6HK  Sterling Silver Malachite Celtic Claddagh Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  if you love green  I have received several complements on this ring. Nice look especially if you have thin fingers. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I've ordered the same ring previously about a year ago, but managed to lose it one day. I liked the ring so much, though, that I came back and ordered a new one because I couldn't find another like it with the same quality anywhere else for such a great price. I love this ring! <end>  Gift for my niece  I thought this was nice looking. It was a gift for my 17-yr-old niece, and she must really like it since she lost the original and wanted the exact same one as a replacement. <end>  Great ring  The ring is better in real life than the picture, but you still get what you pay for. <end>  good for the price?  In the picture the stone protrudes. it is just flat. Not real excited about that. And it's tiny. I was expecting a little bigger. <end>
 B00064IWV4  Oval Carnelian Ring (size  10) ||	  Item Didn't Match The Photo Or Description  Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged. However, the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it. Instead of being a nice, rich, blood red color with a high clear dome, it was a orange rust color with flat stone (very plain looking). I had to return it. <end>
 B00064IWVO  Oval Carnelian Ring (size  12) ||	  Item Didn't Match The Photo Or Description  Item arrived quickly and was nicely packaged. However, the Oval Carnelian Ring looked nothing like the photo on the Internet and I had to return it. Instead of being a nice, rich, blood red color with a high clear dome, it was a orange rust color with flat stone (very plain looking). I had to return it. <end>
 B00064JUNS  Blue Pearl Cascade Earrings ||	  beautiful  I bought these earrings to match a Janice Girardi blue pearl bracelet that I own. The pearls and settings were a perfect match. The price was reasonable and the delivery was quick. I love the blue pearls. <end>
 B00064OVXW  MOST DAZZLING JEGEM Designer Sterling Silver Brazilian Amethyst Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  I bought this ring in 2007 and its now 2012. (i forgot to review it). Its lasted very well from then till now. This ring is solid and true to size. The amethyst is well cut and very clear, however, it is much much lighter in color than in all the photos. Despite this,I am happy with the ring, but I do wish it was more accurately portrayed.Also, the seller should place a ruler or some kind of measure or even a coin next to the ring in photos, so we can compare the size and shape of the ring and stone against a tape measure, ruler, or am everyday item that we're used to. That said . . . its a beautiful ring. <end>
 B00064URBM  Blue Waves Ocean Surfer Surfing Pewter Ring ||	  Great ring!  Beautiful craftsmanship in this ring. Sizing is accurate. Probably better for men (available sizing indicates this), as it is pretty thick. <end>  great ring  Ring was just like the picture and fit perfectly to size. Love the blue waves. It was a perfect xmas gift! <end>
 B00064URBW  Red Eyes Skull Bone Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  fast shipping  skull necklace came fast and did not have any problems. Thanks for a smooth transaction. <end>
 B00064UROE  Happy Sun Man Sunshine Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  excellent  My niece is going to absolutley love this item. she is very "into"the sun and moon items right now. <end>
 B00064URZS  Shark Big Teeth Jaws Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  CHEAP!!! VERY CHEAP!!!  This item claims to be a pendant. well i received it on the cheap rope its shown on and it looks like a keychain not a necklace! <end>
 B00064US5C  Gothic Skull & Bones Pewter Bracelet ||	  made a great gift for my angry teenager...  i got this for my son when he was 17 or 18. was an xmas gift. im pretty sure he liked it! <end>
 B00064US5W  Filigree Yin Yang Pewter Ring, Size 12 ||	  Finger Stayed White!  I love the ring! The design is cool, especially if, like me, you like Yin Yang. I ordered it one size to big, but slipped it on my middle finger and it fits fine. So now when I shoot people the bird, they know I am a well-balanced person. Haha. Anyways, the ring is great, my finger never turned green, and I highly recommend it!Also, I bought from Dan Jewelers, so I highly recommend them as well! <end>  Should specify men's ring...  In the picture it doesn't look as bulky as it really is. I got it for my middle finger and it looks SOO big. If it had said men's ring I wouldn't have ordered it. It fit, but it's obviously not a woman's ring or even unisex. <end>
 B00064US6G  Big Skull Pewter Ring ||	  Cool ring  This is a very big ring - it draws a lot of comments. It's also very comfortable to wear, and not as heavy as you might think. The ring, as some other commenter said, runs large - If i had it to do over again, I'd order a size smaller than I measured out at - fortunately I have a larger alternate finger to wear it on! It is strong and durable, and pewter being a softish metal, the scratches and nicks blend back in a few days on their own - you'd be hard pressed to bend this out of shape though. Great value, nice item. <end>  Great Quality, Weight and Style!  I am always being asked, "Where did you buy your ring at?" and even the people at the store "Hot Topic" ask me where i got mine at. Compared to the one there, this one meets the price, look and feel that i wanted. Theirs is just too cheap yet very expensive.This ring Weighs in. Really. I don't know the exact weight of it, but its quite heavy and as i mentioned before, eye catching. The feel is something you should look forward to.Price; Perfect. Thats all there really is to say about that. Well, that, and i wish i could go back in order a second one at the time.All in all, if you are considering this as a addition to your ring collection, look no further. Hit "Add to Cart" and save yourself the heartache of regretting not buying this. I guarantee upon purchasing this ring, you will receive it quite quickly, and feel very happy with yourself.~~Javier "Super" L.~~~Oasis Studios~ <end>
 B00064US6Q  Figure 8 Snake Serpent Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Delicate pendant for snake lovers!  Pewter creations from Dan's Jeweler's are unique designs, very detailed representations, and will be great conversation starters! Vendor is great to deal with. This pendant is very lovely. Also check out the snake pendant with the "Gothic" hand, which is a bit more dramatic. <end>  Peerfect  Great quality design and craftmanship feels good to the touch and looks amazing on gives impression of much more expensive piece <end>  Favorite Piece of Jewelry  I purchased this pendant a few years ago and it was my favorite things to wear. Unfortunately, I lost it a few months ago and cannot find it anywhere. I'm sad to see that it is currently unavailable as I was hoping to replace the one I lost. Would love for Dan's Jewelers to make this available again soon. <end>  He loves it.  My 8yr old wears this every day. He loves snakes and the adjustable necklace makes it easy to take on and off.Update  The loop at the top of the snake broke in half after a few months. <end>
 B00064USCU  4 Dolphins Art Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Cute little thing  It's not a bad little pendant. I bought it as a gift for a friend. It's solidly built, and looks just like the picture. Price was quite reasonable. <end>  Fabulous design!  I love animal-inspired jewelry, and this is one of my favorites for its lovely design. Well-crafted. <end>  It's nice  Its a nice pendant, worth what I paid. Gave to friend to hang off her car mirror. It's pewter, and that's exactly what it looks like. <end>  Pewter Pendant  This is very nice - but not as a pendant. More like for a keychain, which is what I will use it for. Little too large and bulky for a pendant. <end>  Just wanted to point out...  Ok, I'm just going to come right out and say it  this necklace looks like a swastika. It just seems like something you should consider before buying it. <end>
 B00064USFM  Shiny Fish Bone Bones Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Perfect  Truly wonderful for the fishermen. I wear it every-time I fish and I come home with dinner. Nicely crafted not cheap looking <end>  Shiny FISH BONE Bones Silver PEWTER Pendant Necklace  GORGEOUS AND EXCELLENT! ! ! <end>
 B00064USFW  Red Crystal Pentagram Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Busines with Dan...very pleasant.  Very quick delivery, comes with black drawstring cord, so chain is not necessary. Durable, and the red crystals sparkle like crazy. I have done business with Dan's Jewelers before,and look forward to doing more again soon. Included in my order was a coupon code for 20% off my next purchase. It was nice to be treated as a valued customer. Thanks Dan!!!!Alexis, Florida <end>  my purchase  It was what I expected it to be.I enjoy seeing the crystals shine in the light. <end>
 B00064USKW  Irish Shamrock Celtic Pattern Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Far Better Than the Picture  I wasn't so sure about this item at first because the picture makes it look a little cheap, but after it arrived I was really impressed. It's large, and very high quality. It's a beautiful piece. I bought it for a friend, and strung it on some jewellers string with marble beads and it looks fantastic! Definitely worth it. I'd reccomed this to anyone interested in beautiful celtic jewelry. <end>  Celtic Pride  I purchased this pendant for my brother whose birthday is on St. Patrick's Day. With his reddish blond hair and totally blue eyes he is the epitomy of an irish gentleman. He loves the pendant and wears it constantly. It is well made and large enough for a manly man to wear with pride. <end>  Wonderful craftmanship  I bought these necklaces for my adult children. Everyone loves them. I would recommend them to anyone. <end>  A lot bigger than I thought  Purchased this necklace for my boyfriend at first I thought it was going to be way too small. Looks are definitely deceiving with this necklace it is large and comes with a black tie. It came in perfect timing too. Good quality - would definitely purchase again from this seller. <end>  Celtic cross  This Celtic necklace is much bigger than pictured. Got it for my sister for a gift, and she loved it (being of Irish background). I would purchase this product again nicely made. <end>  Great product and delivery!  I love this necklace! It is the perfect size and weight, not to big or too small. The adjustable cord is also great. It is a great way to show off your Irish pride! I would recommend this product to anyone. <end>  Lovely pendant!  This was bought as a gift, and far exceeded my expectations. Pewter is soft, and this is a more delicate design; however, it is not flimsy, and the details are really nice. Dan's Jewelers is easy to deal with, and delivery is speedy. <end>  Nice Pendant!  I love the pendant but the black rope it came on is useless so I replaced with silver chain and it looks nice. My son loves it! <end>  its ok  Kinda cheap looking but its ok. Its a little bigger than I expected and the rope its on is very cheap. <end>  Really nice!  Bought this for my dad for his birthday and it is a stunning piece, he loves it and wears it all the time. Highly recommend for any man in your life. <end>
 B00064USUM  Egyptian Heiroglyphics Cat Egypt Real Pewter Pendant ||	  My daughter loved it  It was a gift for my daughter and she really liked it!I was a little nervous because we don't have the same taste in pendants but she really loved it and I am happy for her. <end>
 B00064USXE  Snake Serpent Skull Head Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Close enough to the dark mark  A friend on LJ pointed this out! She wore it with her Harry Potter costume on Halloween! Whee! Terrific add on for costumers dressing for the movie! <end>
 B00064USYI  Biohazard Danger Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Attractive, quality jewelry  The pendant is a solid, hefty piece with no nicks, scuffs, or sharp bits sticking out. The darkened areas on the front are even; the raised edges and the back are smooth with a soft, even sheen. The edges aren't completely even, but it isn't noticeable. The included cord seems sturdy and is adjustable. It's an attractive piece of jewelry, and seems well-made. <end>  Totally worth it!  The symbol itself is not too heavy, but not too light either. And with an adjustable strap, it's perfect. The quality is very high, and I just love it! <end>  good job!  this necklace was even better than the picture i got it in about 3 days and the product was in excellent condition!!!! <end>  good buy  Just got mine in the mail a few minutes ago. Its a little smaller than i expected, but maybe thats just me. The symbol itself, excluding the ring for the little string, is about 1 inch from top to bottom. The overall length from top to bottom is about 1.5 inches. The ONLY thing that i didnt like about it, and this is a minor thing, is that you cant take off the included lanyard without cutting it off, which is no problem, but it would just be nice to be able to keep it intact. As advertised, the lanyard is fully adjustable, and looks sturdy enough. The symbol itself has kind of a....light heaviness to it. I know that makes no sense, but youll see what i mean when you buy it.Overall, i think this is a great product and at only ten bucks, its a good deal too, so go ahead and buy it. <end>  Awesome Necklace!  I purchased this necklace for my boyfriend, and he loves it! The design looks just as nice in person as it does in the picture. It's sturdy and it comes with a nice little gift pouch, too. Great product. <end>  love it either way  love this item--bought it as a Resident Evil/Biohazard fan, but I can see how it could be the three moons <end>  No complaint  The necklace is very nice. I love the adjustable rope and the quality is fair. I would suggest this to a friend. <end>  Great Product  Excellent product, great quality, perfect size, the design is awesome, i love this necklace, it looks great and is a lot better than the picture, well made necklace 5 stars. <end>  Great Necklace  When I got this necklace, I absolutely loved it just taking it out of the package. It's not too small, and it's not too big. It's a smooth metal that is very well crafted. The rope is a little small, but that's not what I ordered. I ordered the badass pendant, and it looks awesome! <end>  Nice necklace, well done  I orders this necklace for myself and I was very pleased with the necklace. it would have gotten 5 stars but there were some flaws... One, the pendant itself is bigger than i was looking for but it feels heavy and well put together, and Two, the string is not the best quality if feels more plastic when you first get it, but other than those two things i am very pleased. <end>  Great necklace!  I don't usually wear jewelry but as I am getting older I am finding that I want to. After purchasing and trying this on, it fits well, and attracts some attention. I was a little surprised to hear that some don't even know what a biohazard symbol is or means. But regardless it definitely is worth buying! <end>  Great!!  I LOVE this necklace!!!i love the biohazard symbolit shipped fastlooks great!!iv got alot of comments wearing this..Buy this!!its worth it 100%=] =] <end>  This is awesome!!  First of all, i'd like to say this necklace is beast.I love the adjustable strap and the pendent is very attractive.The design just fits the biohazard symbol.I love it  D <end>  Great design and fantastic value  I really enjoy like men's jewelry (I have 3 necklaces and 4 rings), and this necklace is one of my favorite items. It's an excellent size, and the design is striking and powerful. For $15, this necklace is a steal.The cord that the necklace comes with isn't my favorite, so I removed the pendant and supplied my own cord. I give this 5 stars anyway, because the pendant is easily worth the price. <end>  great for the price  This item has a nice weight to it. The strap is adjustable. The price is right. And it looks darn good on me! Totally worth it. <end>  it was fast  i got the necklace pretty fast and i was happy with the size of it <end>  Not a real biohazard  This isn't actually a biohazard symbol - this is upside down, and generally considered an image of the three crescent moons common in goddess imagery.An actual biohazard symbol has one crescent facing straight up. Sadly, while this is a great necklace, it isn't a biohazard. <end>  Awesome Necklace  I bought this for my boyfriend because he's obsessed with the biohazard symbol and he absolutely loved it. It's not sharp or too pointy at the ends and the string seems sturdy enough. He also likes that he can wear it in water and not get stains on his skin from the metal. It's a good piece for the price. <end>  biohazard pewter necklace  Nice piece of jewelry for the money, well worth it. I have had many compliments. <end>  Very Impressed...  Nice product! I received it very fast and I get a lot of compliments when I wear it. <end>  Very nice piece of jewelry  I bought this item for my sister this past christmas and she was very happy.The quality of this pendant is superb  no piercing edges like some other pieces of jewelry of this kind.It's good size makes it very attractive to other people (I've seen this) and they ask where did she get it.Great necklace, great price. <end>
 B00064UT0Q  Chinese Money Symbols Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  nice  I ordered this a while ago, and I love it, it is really nice, and a great gift for anyone <end>  Almost Pissed Off  On the whole the product was awesome its cheap but I love it. I just have one issue which is its not exactly what I ordered one of the faces isn't the same, I got this cause one of my Chinese friends said it for good luck but now I have no idea what it means. <end>
 B00064UT1K  Cross Knight Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Cross Knight pewter necklace  This was a great buy. We bought it for our 15 yr old grandson and we plan to give it to him as a gift. I would certainly buy more if I had someone else to shop for. Well made and looks expensive when its not costly at all. <end>
 B00064UT9C  Cool Pet Bulldog Bull Dog Companion Pewter Ring ||	  Cool Pet Bulldog Bull Dog Companion Pewter Ring, Size 10  Ring looks great, fit to size, and feels good on the finger. Would recommend to anyone looking for a nice looking bulldog ring <end>
 B00064UTC4  Maltese Irish Cross Crosses Pewter Ring Band ||	  the ring is true to the picture  A fantastic buy. I love the ring and would have given ita 5 except that a little of the black background seemsto be coming off, granted, this is minor. I would buy itagain and also I would recommend it to anybody. Thisring is very true to the picture of it that is displayed. <end>  Cool Ring  Very nice ring with great detail on the side of the ring. Can't beat the price. You'll not be disappointed. <end>
 B00064UTEW  Mini Skateboard Skate Board Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Grandson Loved This  I purchased this for my 11 year old grandson. He is a skateboard enthusiast and he just loved this necklace. I surprised him with it as a "just because" gift and it brought a big smile on his face. Its made very well and worth the money! <end>  Cute Skateboard charm  I bought this for my nephew. I put it on a black leather strap and he loved it. <end>
 B00064UTF6  Black Inverted Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  worth the money!!  Product arrive on time and was just as shown on web site. would buy from them again in a heart beat!! <end>  great buy  Ordered it on a friday and got it on a monday wish it was a little bigger it's only 2 inches long other than that great necklace comes in a case and black rope necklace I suggest getting a silver chain for it <end>  why me  why did this happen to me i never got my item i have been waiting its passed the date it said it would be here <end>  Beautiful purchase\m/  I love this pendant. I put it on, and only take it off when I have to. It is a beautiful piece of metal that was carefully painted to give that awesome black on steel look and I am very happy with this. <end>  SO AWESOME!  This was my first order from Amazon, and I must say that I was extremely pleased with it. It arrived in the mail 2 days before the predicted arrival date, and it appears very well made. I can't wait to show it off to my friends! I will definitely be placing more orders from Dan Jewelers in the near future. <end>  awesome  awesome could be a little bigger because its more blasphamous if it bigger... i dont take it off for nuthin <end>  Look's even better in person!  This product looks even better in person, and is such a great accessory. Although I must say I would have preferred it to be bigger. <end>  Anti Weak Minded  Hail Satan, Hail Lucifer, Hail Belial, Hail Leviathan, Ave Satanas, The Weak shall not inherit the Earth. The Strong will spit on them as they are stepped on and left behind in the hell they have created for themselves. <end>
 B00064UTKG  Celtic Trinity Pattern Engraving Pewter Bracelet ||	  celtic trinity pattern engraved silver puter bracelet  It is sturdier than I thought it would be. I wear it constantly I love it so much. I almost never take it off. I have had many people ask me where I got it and I tell them, they say they will look for themselves. <end>  Celtic trinity bracelet  This bracelet is extremely sturdy and beautiful. It was heavyweight and about one inch in width. We were very pleased with the quality and beauty of this bracelet. <end>  Love it.  Great bracelet, good quality, no need to bend a lot to get on and off. Always get compliments on this one. <end>  Not Good  When it arrived,most of the black design was chipped off.Also,The box it was shipped in was huge and I had to struggle to get it from the mailbox. <end>  It doesn't last long  I loved the bracelet, but it was very fragile. The bending made it break. I only lasted for about two months. <end>  Bendable  This item is very nice but because of my wrist being so small the bending of it all the time caused it to break. So if you have a tiny wrist I wouldnt buy. <end>  disappointed  Although this bracelet looked beautiful online, I was disappointed in it when I received it. It didn't look as impressive and the peuter is so soft that it easily bends out of shape. I really wanted to be happy with it because I love the celtic design. Alas, it was not what I had hoped for. Would not recommend it. <end>  Just as described...  VERY nice piece. Just as "Sky" in Tucson said, much heavier, sturdier, and more impressive than I would have thought. I'm delighted with it, and you can't beat the price!! <end>
 B00064UTLU  Jewish Star Of David Engraving Pewter Cuff Bracelet ||	  Star of David Pewter Cuff Bracelet  Was disappointed all around, sorry to say. The bracelet was not formed with the bias of the wrist; The metal was not thick enough or formulated with enough base metal to withstand body heat so it constantly lost shape and loosened - the design could be seen from the underside/inside. But more importantly it quickly cracked and broke from the edge to one of the star's because of the above reasons as well as, apparently, from not having a thick enough border/edge. Also, upon arrival even one of the star's had already lost it's blacking. However, I liked the idea; If manufacturer recalculated the design I'd try to purchase it again.... <end>  Mine is still here  There is only one other review here and theirs broke. I don't know why because I have had mine for years and I can still wear it and it still adjusts without breaking. It is still very pretty and works fine. <end>
 B00064UTME  Blue Crystal Celtic Sun Design Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Carrying the Sun  This pendant is very nice for the money. The cord is adjustable and the pewter is well-carved. It is a fun piece to wear around your neck and the blue of the crystal is bright, not fadey. It has power. <end>  Nice little pendant  I bought this because the design just caught my eye. I looked at other things, but kept coming back to this one. I just wish the picture had shown it with the leather necklace attached. I bought a black silk necklace for it that I didn't need. Fortunately, I found another use for the silk necklace. <end>  unusual  I wanted on unusual pendant, something not everyone else had. I like this one. This is the first piece of pewter jewelry I've owned. I like it even though the stone looks like plastic. I wish the cord had a clasp . I'm not sure about the sliding knot. {you put it on over your head , then slide to shorten} But, at least you can enjoy several lengths. <end>  Nice pendant  Very beautiful pendant, it is very cool and it have a giant blue crystal which is very beautiful, it's color is permanent and not fading, buy this item.Thank you <end>
 B00064UTOW  Blue Crystal Fertility Cross Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Okay for the price  I didn't expect much but was surprised that this was actually pretty nice for the price. The fertility cross is made out of pretty sturdy silver and has a blue bead in the middle. It came on a black necklace with sizable options. Not really something I wear for fashion - but more for the meaning. <end>
 B00064UTPG  Detailed Pattern Design Pewter Finger Ring Spike ||	  Gorgeous, Excellent Craftsmanship  I bought this along with theIRON CROSS Crosses Silver Tone Pewter FINGER Ring SPIKE, and they are both great products. I was afraid, having bought flimsy pewter jewelry before, that the ring would end up flimsy. It's entirely the opposite.The metal has a strong, solid feel. So strong, in fact, that adjusting the size of the ring might require pliers (I actually took a small piece of cord, which was enough leverage to pull the rings further out). And tonight, I smashed the ring into a car door by accident, and although I had to change the "ring" parts back to my right size, there was no permanent damage, or even a scratch.It arrived only today, and I've already gotten several compliments on it. The site picture is accurate in design, and the piece looks even better in person. <end>  not that great  ive bought three of these in my life.all of them have been bent sideways when I got them and the joints keep breaking when you try to move your finger. before these things were cheaper and I would say they are solid individual but over all its not worth the price. i havent tried any model other then this designed one and its not that great. <end>  What a Cool Finger Ring!  This is an item that will get major attention. Part medieval knight, part cyborg, this finger ring looks and feels like nothing else. It is well crafted, the silver plating gives an antique look, and it moves naturally with the various joints of the finger. I have very thin fingers so I have to wear it on my middle finger, but those with thicker fingers should have no problem wearing it on the ring fingers. As an aside note  the edge, while not sharpened, could cut if plunged into the flesh. This is not an item for children, but responsible teens should be alright. <end>  Hinges will break instantly  I bought 16 of these since I knew they'd be weak and I'd need spare parts.The hinges will break instantly and you'll have to replace them. I suggest labrets or brads with solder. I really do mean instantly. The very first time you bend your finger, the hinges will pop. Be prepared.The tips are too sharp to get into most clubs so you'll need to dremel the tips.Pewter is so weak that a few scritches will bend the finger tip grips out so you'll have to bend them back. Doing this more than a few times will break the tip along the line of the beautiful pattern.For a $4 each costume piece (what I paid), they are fine for a little while. I feel very sorry for anyone who paid $30 for just one of these.I receive lots of complements on their beauty. <end>  Love the ring  I really like this ring, it's a little bit big but i had the main ring part filed down a bit and now it fit perfectly-It's adjustable by the way which was not mentioned in the amazon add. <end>  One Size Fits All.. Kinda.  I understand it's difficult to design an articulated ring to fit all users at once, but this item isn't what I hoped it would be. Noncolinear axes stifle the joints, and the knobby hinge-pins (also made from soft pewter) are uncomfortable on the knuckles.Still, it's an attractive design, & it functions marginally well, all things considered. <end>  Great Item!  This Item is very well made. The Pewter is adjustable to fit anyone! all you do is press gently and it molds to your finger! It can fit on any finger and It looks awesome! Me personal use is for a Cosplay Idea. Suzumebachi is from Bleach, and it is a good Item to have. ^_^ Thanks! <end>  Awesome! 1 fault.  I have been wanting a piece of finger armor for quite a while. I finally scrounged up some dough and bought this item. The transaction was smooth and it arrived within the expected time. I opened it and was impressed. Only after wearing it for a couple hours did I notice that the hinges dig pretty well into your finger. It isn't a deal breaker and a dremmeled them down to be less of a burden. It was the only fault I could find with this product. I wear it all the time! <end>  Horrible service, cheap quality  It more than 12 days for product to be delivered, even though it was 4to 6 day shipping time. The ring broke in the first few days.The company did not return calls or e-mails. Piece of junk, horrible customer service. I will never order from them again. <end>  Ehhhh maybe  Though I fell in love with the ring after seeing it online I was disappointed. It's a bit bulky, big, and doesn't really bend well with your finger. I'm a girl so the ring doesn't fit me, even with the adjustable things on it. Though if I was a boy, I would like the ring a lot more. <end>  Cheap, painful and a waste of money  Hardly fits to your finger, and limited mobility makes it painful to wear.Do not buy. <end>  It's okay  Got the ring and the first thing I noticed is that it barely bends with your finger. Then one of the hinges broke off after 10 minutes of use.Looks really cool, but the build quality is pretty bad. If you buy it, be prepared to make your own hinges pretty soon after you put it on. <end>  very nice, though a little rough on the edges  an awesome finger spike, fairly sturdy with a detailed design, the only flaw would be the hinges, they protrude onto the knuckles and after wearing it for an hour or so the skin is rubbed raw, but for costume or fun purposes its great, would not recommend if you intend to wear it for a prolonged period of time <end>  Finger spikes  My husband cut off his fingers in an accident this past year and has been looking for 'tips' to help protect the nubs that are left from bumping into things, he absolutely loved these tips that i gave him for Christmas. <end>  Great  Amazing ring... I'm wearing it right now. Excelent quality and easy to make fit to your finger! <end>  Goth Ring  Everyone, and I mean everyone, including strangers ask about this particular ring. It is the most unique ring I ever had. <end>  incorrect item  DETAILED PATTERN Design Silver Tone Pewter FINGER Ring SPIKEFast service but the wrong item was shipped. <end>  Siezed by customs!! Illegal import  Do not purchase! I never received item - but did receive a letter from Australian Customs to say it is an illegal item for import and has therefore been seized! Not happy Amazon! <end>
 B00064UTQK  Light Comfortable Pentagram Stars Real Pewter Bracelet ||	  You won't get what you ordered!  I ordered this item and I instead received a watch. I returned the item 2 weeks ago and have yet to receive my refund!!! I am completely dissatisfied with the seller and would never buy from them again! <end>  Thrilled with my bracelet  The Light and comfortable Pentagram Stars Real Pewter Bracelet arrived when I expected it. I wear it all the time..in fact I am considering ordering a few more as gifts to my coven. I have received nothing but compliments from this beautiful bracelet. I would highly recommend this braclet..it's bargain for price is out of this world.Blessings,High Priestess ChiWithin the Magical Circle Coven <end>  Very pretty  But the extra month lead time does apply. Very nice and good quality too, think this will be a big hit with my friend, too bad it didn't get here until the 5th of January instead of Xmas as planned. <end>
 B00064UTTM  Tribal Tribe Design Pewter Cuff Bracelet ||	  Pewter Silver Tone...  well, now I know what that looks like - and I probably won't purchase anymore. Just not my thing. I purchased this for a graduation gift for a high school young lady - but found it just looked too inexpensive. Okay for what I paid I suppose, but disappointed not to be able to present it to a friend. <end>
 B00064UTVK  Unique Butterfly Engraving Print Pewter Toe Ring ||	  Great Little Toe Ring...  I loved this toe ring. It was very comfortable to wear. I am using terms in the past tense because mine broke. That is mostly my fault because I can't sleep in mine. I had to take it on and off each day. This material is so soft and pliable that it easily broke. But if you plan to wear this all the time. I highly recommend this product. You will love it. <end>  I love it!!!/I wrote too soon!!!  I have been wearing this toe ring for a few weeks now without taking it off. I have had several toe rings and I have learned to choose them wide and thick so that I can keep them on all summer. Like the prior reviewer mentioned, when you take them on an off a lot, they wear and eventually break at the bend point. I can not wear thin toe rings because they slide and turn too much and dig into my toe, so a wide ring is best for me. I highly recommend this ring! I have worn it through many showers and it's holding up nicely!Edit - June 29, 2011I wrote too soon! Last Friday, I was walking and this toe ring split in two and fell off. I hadn't been taking it off, so I wasn't causing a bend impression in the ring. At most, I would tighten or loosen a bit, if needed. It lasted me @ two months. ;-( <end>
 B00064UTX8  Jesus Rock Christian Cross Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Solid religious necklace  I bought this for my nephew's (12 yr old) confirmation. I was pleased with the overall quality of the necklace, and pleasantly surprised with the cloth bag it came in. The leather cord will definitely last for a while, although I wouldn't say it's the highest quality ever. The pewter pendant has a solid feel - not dinky or cheap. The design really is pretty neat - both sides have the 'textured/rock' look. It can also be removed from the leather cord to be attached to a keychain, which is what we did.I had such a hard time finding an appropriate religious gift for a teenage boy - this definitely fit the bill without breaking the bank. <end>
 B00064UTY2  Epoxy Paint Fire Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Sufficient Quality  This item was purchased as a gift; as the buyer it arrived on time and was as described. It was well received by the recipient who was thrilled with the item. Good value for the money and seemed of sufficient quality. <end>
 B00064UTYC  Navy Ship Captain Anchor Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Anchor Pendant  I really like the Anchor Pendant! It's just the right style & size. I had looked over the internet and found alot of too fancy and very gaudy features. This pendant is plain, simple, and just right for me! Glad I found it! <end>  Love it!  I love this anchor. It's darker and older looking than the photo listed but it's beautiful. I've received several compliments on it. <end>  Love the craftsmanship but it is a little small.  I was going to stick it on my baseball cap but I didn't realize how small it was So I bought a silver chain and gave it to my Daughter She loves it. If they would make it bigger (like 2'' high not to include the bail) I would buy another.JC <end>  nice quality- worth the purchase  I bought this as a Christmas gift and it came a day earlier than expected. Thank you! The anchor I received is a little darker than the one pictured. To me, the one pictured here is more of a sterling silver pendant. The actual anchor looks like true pewter, which is exactly what I wanted. It has a nice weight to it, but not too heavy. Perfect quality. I'm using the anchor on another necklace, but the cord it comes on is okay. I would probably prefer a leather cord, but then again I only bought this for the anchor and it is exactly the look and quality I was seeking. <end>  A Neat Gift for My 20 yr. old Missionary Grandson  Wanted to put together a kit for my Grandson that would reflect his missionary status...I purchased this anchor to remind him that Father God is his anchor for all of his life!It's an attractive piece of jewelry also -)) <end>  Great product  This product came exactly as it was described. It was in excellent condition and was packaged nicely.Would buy it again. <end>  Beautiful  My husband wanted the anchor; he felt it visually reveals who Jesus is to him, an anchor of his life and soul. The anchor is beautifully made and just the right size, not to large or small. <end>
 B00064UTZG  Egyptian Winged Goddess Amulet Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  didnt like this  I purchased this item thinking it would look fantastic but, was disapointed when i saw that the pendant was very small and that it did not have the engraving design on both sides i wish i had never bought this pendant but, too late i am stuck with it. <end>  EXCELLENT  excellent and I would gladly recommend you guys to all of my friends and companions. I was so impressed by the product. <end>  Pendant OK, cord not  The pendant looked good, but the cord was tied so tight and was so short. Very disappointing. <end>
 B00064UU1O  Skull And Crossbones Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Skull & Crossbones  I think it's really cool. I would like to beable to find one in real silver, but I guess this will due until then. Im verry happy with it. <end>  This was a perfect gift for my son.  I was impressed with the quality, my son was impressed with the fangs. His other skull/crossbones necklace broke at school, and he was very happy to have this replacement. I don't think it will be as easy to break. <end>  Perfect gift  I am completely happy with this necklace. The item is good quality and true to the picture. It comes with the perfect leather cord and nice storage pouch. Definitely worth the price <end>  Skull Pendant  I was kind of unsure about ordering this item at first....it looks much better than pictured and the pewter quality is very good...its solid. I would recommend this item. <end>  An Edgy Surprise!  I got this one for my birthday--in short, the skull is an emblem of mine as it represents the seat of the mind. Anyway, it looks great and is much larger with better detailing than I expected. It's a great introduction to Dan's baubles and I will happily order again! <end>  Ominous looking. Cool!  I am very pleased with this pendant. The details are outstanding and the little fang-like teeth are a plus. I like the adjustable rope it hangs on and its formidable little face says, "don't mess with me." <end>
 B00064UUA0  Mystical Labyrinth Maze Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Must be invisible  Would love to review this item, but my August 31st order has not yet been shipped (so much for "usually ships in 1-2 business days"). My daughter used part of her birthday money to order this, so the only thing I can say about it is that is is very disappointing, and that you should think twice before ordering anything off Amazon that comes from Dan's Jewelry. Amazon has great shipping and products, but I've never had much luck with any of their affiliates. <end>
 B00064UUCS  Purple Jewish Star Of David Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Purple Jewish Star  It's very nice except it isn't purple. It's navy blue. I only bought it because it said purple. <end>  Disappointing  Unlike previous reviewer I got a purple one, but the enameling was bad quality and the black outline on the star was missing in places, and there was still scrap from the casting around the edges. It wasn't expensive but even so I expected better quality. <end>
 B00064UUGO  Pentagram Star Dragon Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Sturdy  I ordered this for my son who wanted some religious pendants that included dragons. He likes it and wears it often. It appears to be very sturdy. Great for pagan kids. <end>  Larger than expected  Normally when you get a piece of jewelry and it's bigger than you expect - it's even better. In my case I wish it was smaller. However with that being said, the product was perfect in every other way. Great packaging quick delivery!!! <end>
 B00064UUIM  Detailed Star Of David Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  A very cool Star of David  I bought this pendant from Dan's Jewelers. First off, I must say that everything I've gotten from Dan's has been very high quality and very nice jewelry. The star of david itself is simple, yet appealing to the eye, as the star is painted on the front. The only issue I had with it is the pendant is SHARP and you can punch holes into paper. The pendant comes with a black cotton rope necklace, which I cut off, because it was so scratchy and stiff. The pendant looks awesome with a chain. <end>  Great Service  Sharp GOTH STAR OF DAVID Silver Tone Pewter PENDANT NecklaceWhat a find looks real good.My Grandson loves it. And had alot of his friends asking where he got it.I was told its the in thing for teens.I got quick service and was so glad to shop on line.Its just the right lenth but what I liked about it is that it can be adjusted. <end>  PERFECT!  This is the most admirable, respected, and honorable necklace I have ever worn. I am so proud to be a Jew, and I want others to know that fact too. <end>  Beautiful, good size  Really good quality, I have gotten compliments whenever I have worn it. A great symbol of Jewish ethnicity and/or faith. It is a decent size, and comes with a cord. <end>  very cheap  I would not reccomend this to hang around your neck, My son hangs it on his rear view mirror and it looks like that. <end>  I would have said 5, buuuut...  The pendant is really nice. Exactly what I expected. It's about an inch all around. Perfect! However, there was a small snag on the necklace. O_o But other than that, it was really nice. O <end>  Coolest design out there  HUGE Jew star pendant with an adjustable string. I used the string for another piece (its actually pretty cool the way it works), and put a figaro chain through it, and it looks awesome. Quite possibly the coolest design out there. Buy it! <end>  it is great  I really like this Star of David Pendant. It is just like what it is discribed as. It is my first Star of David and I proudly wear it when I am out and about. <end>  Star of David  I received my Star of David and it was just like they said iwear it every were i go and was very good price love it andwould buy again if needed some thing thanks good place to findbargons as need bargons as on low income soc God bless all andthanks for the post card they sent of Grand Palace from BangkokThailand and a very nice red potch to put it innever been there but looks real pretty place <end>
 B00064UUMS  Gay Men Symbol Dog Tag Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  GAY MALE BONDING  NICE NECKLACE FOR THE LOW PRICE, MUCH NICER THAN I EXPECTED. VERY HAPPY WITH IT. NOW, I CAN ANNOUNCE MY PROCLIVITIES WITHOUT BEING OBVIOUS. OTHER MEN KNOW EXACTLY WHAT I AM AND IT MAKES IT MUCH EASIER FOR THEM TO APPROACH ME WITHOUT FEAR OF REJECTION OR WORSE. <end>  Quite Nice  Quite nice. The metal is of a decent weight. I always really liked how the cord is adjustable. The design is nice and dark. I don't care for the cord's material though. It's a little scratchy and seems very cheap. I would have vastly preferred soft leather or some similar type of cord. <end>  Fast Delivery  I received my order very quickly and have had no problems with the product. I will have no reservations about purchasing from this vendor in the future. <end>  Nice  A nice simple necklace with a bold statement that's easily understood. The black string necklace is simple and yet elegantly tied. Well made. Do not confuse this with a silver pendant because you will not be in the same league. The steel etched pendant is simple, nice and well made. <end>  excellent pendant  It arrived on time, a day earlier than expected. It also came with a pouch to put the necklace in. The pendant is the right size, not too flashy, not too simple, i will buy from Dan jewelers again in the future. <end>  good quality  Exactly as seen in picture! Good quality for the price. If you are thinking about buying, you wont be disapointed! <end>  Great sttement  i found this to be an easy way to let others know how I feel and have no problem being what I am <end>  Nice X-mas gift  Sent for this item as a Christmas gift on December 19 and it arrived by December 22. For the price, it is a very nice quality. The person who received it liked it very much. <end>
 B00064VZY0  Southwestern Style Coin & Feathers Turquoise Color Pewter Pendant ||	  Really a nice peice  Got this today and it is a really nice peice. It's bigger than I thought which makes it more special. I took it off the black cord and put it on a silver rope and it looks great. My dad will be very happy with it. <end>  Love It!  I really did LOVE this product, but it doesn't do good with a lot of movement. The feathers easily break off if you're dancing or running. I was dancing at a Powwow and one feather broke, then another feather broke when I left it in my purse. I recommend that if you wear this to not wear it at a dancing event and make sure you put it up safe right after you wear it. Other than that It's really nice and it's worth buying again for the second time (Now that I know what not to do). <end>
 B000659OG0  14k Yellow Gold Dangling Tear Drop Earrings ||	  Got 'em love 'em  I cut my hair really short and got dangling earrings for better contrast with the cut. The posts are perfect and insure I won't have have to worry about them falling out (I had that happen twice at the airport with a couple of previous dangling earrings). I like the two styles of drops on the earrings as well. No buyers remorse for me! <end>
 B000659OGU  14k White and Yellow Gold Reversible 5mm Omega Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  Beautiful!  This Omega is beautiful and well made. Had there been a 16" I would have ordered it too. Great buy!! <end>  Great Item  This peice of jewelry is excellent. It is of great quality and I love the fact that it can be worn on the yellow gold or white gold side. It was a good weight and width size. It can be worn as a casual peice or a slide added for special occasions. <end>  DREAM PIECE  I purchased this omega to replace a 16" that I had to sell while going through a recent divorce. I am very pleased because I paid $400 dollars 4 years ago for a 14k yellow gold omega that was 3mm. This one is larger, heavier by 4 grams, and it is reversible. When I opened the box I could not believe the weight and craftsmanship of this neckpiece. This is truly an heirloom piece of jewelry! If you are on the fence about this one, by all means, jump over and enjoy. You will not be disappointed. <end>  ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS! GREAT BUY!  Beautiful workmanship. Great quality and an absolute incredible buy! Would recommend this product to all. I'm very happy with it and the fact that it is yellow gold on one side and white gold on the other makes it really easy for travel. Never have to worry about which necklaces to bring. They are both in one! <end>  My mom loves it!  I bought this as a gift for my mother and she loves it! It is high quality and just the right width for a mature adult woman. <end>  She likes it!  This was a gift for my wife. She really likes it and uses both sides to match her clothing. I had decided to buy it and was pleasently surprised with a significant discount at checkout. Super buy! <end>  Simply Beautiful  This necklace is extraordinarily well made, a solid, high quality piece of jewelry. The reversible aspect makes it the perfect piece to wear when travelling. Expect to get compliments when you wear it! <end>  Beautifull gift  I did not get this necklace appraised so I have no clue about the price BUT my wife loves it. She usually does not wear chains every day but since she got this one, she started to wear it almost on the daily basis. <end>  If anyone owes this necklace an would like to sell..im very INTERESTED!!  I bought this necklace back in 2009, an i ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT!! IT was everything i ever wanted in a omega an have been searching an comparing since an have never found another one like it..I only owned this beautiful piece of jewerly for 3 short mths because my husband at the time, now my ex..ripped it off my neck an broke an bent it into tons of pieces..I actually cried i love this necklace that much so if any of u that have this piece of jewerly would like to sell at a decent price please email me or leave me a comment ..my email is skittles0921@yahoo.com.. Im hoping by a chance i will be able to find this omega. this is my last resort..thank you..Melissa Carr <end>  love it! and love the price too..  I bought this necklace at "Today's deal" price- so love the price for 5mm omega chain. It looks great!! <end>  Awesome quality! Great Price!!  This thing is so bold! It's gorgeous! I can't believe the price. Try looking around for one to beat this!! 14 K.. Reversable... 18 inch!! FIVE MM!!! I looked high and low and this is the best price I had found! I was a bit anxious for it to arrive, I wasn't sure if it would feel or look cheap! It is so beautiful, I worried for nothing! Highly recommended.Norma >^..^&lt; <end>  Omega 14k gold reversible necklace  Highly delighted with this product. It compared excellent pricewise as I had earlier priced one on a cruise ship that was almost double the price for the same quality. It is very stylish worn alone and I hope to add slides to it in the future. <end>  Reversible Omega Necklace  Flexible reversible omega - white or yellow gold.Great value for the price and I shopped price elsewhere.Have had for over a year and it's just perfect with anyenhancer (or pendant). <end>  Excellent Necklace  My wife was looking for a shorter necklace and after seeing all the great reviews here, I decided to order her this one. The research paid off, she just loves it. The necklace itself is excellent quality, and although thick still is very supple. I was worried her pendants might not fit on it, but they do. The clasp is the lobster claw design and is more than adequate, but I would have liked to seen a larger one. The box as other people pointed out is made out of wood and is very nice, but it really didn't factor into my decision. My wife likes the fact of how clever the reversible design is and says that it will be good for traveling since one necklace can serve as both white/yellow gold. If your looking for a great 18 inch necklace look no further, you will be happy with this one. <end>  Reversible Omega  This is a beautiful piece of jewelry. I love it. It makes me feel rich. <end>  stunning and functional  compared to other reversible omega's this one was a steal. I have had it for a couple of years now and it is still in great condition. It arrived in a very nice wooden box as well. Very nice quality. <end>  Excellent Buy  This necklace is beautiful. I was worried about ordering it online without seeing it first hand BUT I had nothing to worry about. The length and width are great, very attractive and substantial looking when worn. This necklace is a great deal for a 5mm reversible, I shopped for a month trying to get the best price and this was it. The box is very handy to store it in. Don't hesitate to purchase this if you are looking for a beautiful reversible omega. <end>  necklace  I love this necklace. My only wish is that it comes in 20 inches. <end>  Great Value!  I found this very same necklace on a cruise ship also and they wanted $900 bucks for it! I just recieved mine from Amazon today and it is so beautiful! It comes in a nice wooden box and has very nice weight to it. It is an excellent buy, and I highly suggest you just "Do it" and buy it, I did and I am very pleased I did! <end>  Worth Every Cent and Then Some!!  This necklace is a Must have!! It is perfect in every way!! You could buy a cheaper one, but it'll never compare to this one, especially in the weight department! Do yourself a favor, stop looking and get this one. Beautiful wooden box, cleaning cloth, everything you need to keep it looking great. Thanks Y'all!!!! <end>
 B000659OO2  14k Yellow Gold Adjustable Baby Identification Bracelet, 6" ||	  Please don't buy it  I am very disappointed because the baby bracelet looks very different. I don't recommend to anybody. Please don't buy it. It doesn't worth $50.00 <end>
 B00065A1EE  Cute Stretchy Black Agate Bracelet ||	  BEAUTIFUL BRACELET  WELL, THIS IS PROOF.YOU DONT HAVE TO SPEND A FORTUNE TO HAVE SOMETHING BEAUTIFUL AND GOOD.THIS BRACELET IS SO PRETTY AND GOES WITH ANYTHING.AND THE PRICE,WELL, GET IT FAST,THIS WONT LAST LONG.THANKS SECUREHOOP FOR SUCH BEAUTIFUL THINGS AT AFFORDABLE PRICES. <end>  BEAUTIFUL BRACELET!!  Beautiful and lustrous. You can wear it casually or dress it up. I'm pleased and impressed considering the price!! <end>  Cute Stretchy Bracelet  Bracelet was sent in a timely fashion and it is very pretty.One of the links or stones broke and I cannot wear it until I remove it.Over all it was a good buy and I would recommend it to everyone. <end>
 B00065FYQO  Thinking Devil Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Half Happy  If only I had know that only "one side" of the pendant had a design! Only one side is designed, the other half/side is blank. <end>
 B00065FZDG  Fire Guitar Pewter Pendant ||	  gresh bargain hunter  The first day i got it i was really excited but after an hour of playing around with it it broke. Very low quality. Trying to fix it at a jewellery store. If you buy it, treat it with lots of care. <end>
 B00065FZDQ  Snake in Hand Pewter Pendant ||	  More awesome than gruesome!  Yes, I am a (rat) snake handler, and bought this to wear when I do presentations with my critters. The details are great! It is not too heavy to wear comfortably, although substantial in size. The hand is a bit gothic, but hey! Another great item from a terrific Amazon vendor... <end>  Good Quality  Good quality pendant. Not to impressed with the black string it came on but I was only after the pendant anyways. I have a silver chain I put it on and it looks great. <end>
 B00065FZFO  Celtic Knot Triquetta Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Nice Enough  The Trinity pendant is nice enough. The detail was ok; it certainly could have been made with a little better detail...but for the price it's a nice product and good value. <end>  GREAT QUALITY  I DECIDED TO BUY THIS AFTER SEARCHING AROUND FOR QUITE AWHILE. I AM SO GLAD I DID...THE PRICE WAS EXTREMELY LOW, SURPRISINGLY, IT TURNED ABOUT BETTER THAN I EXPECTED.THIS PEICE MEANS A LOT TO ME, THE MEANING BEHIND IT IS MORE THAN JUST A PIECE OF JEWELRY...I USUALLY DON'T LIKE THE BLACK NECK PIECE THAT IT HANGS ON, BUT, THIS WAS VERY NICE, ADJUSTABLE ALSO, SO I AM LEAVING IT ALONE, AND NOT PUTTING IT ON A CHAIN......I WILL DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY AGAIN, I GOT THIS REALLY FAST......... <end>  Quality Item At A Resonable Price  This Was A Great Item Item For A Gift. It Was Shipped Quickly And It Was Described Just The Way I Got it. The Quality Was Great Toon <end>
 B00065FZSQ  Classic Celtic Knot Design Irish Pewter Bracelet ||	  My granddaughter loves it  Got this for Christmas for my 18 year old granddaughter. She is into everything Irish and just fell in love with the bracelet. <end>  Love at first sight  I usually do not wear jewelry and was only looking for Celtic craft tools when I stumbled onto this item. I am wearing it now and absolutely love it. Both the price and quality is extremely pleasing. Thanks so much! <end>  Good but with a minor worry  I love this bracelet. It's a beautiful piece of jewelry. Because it has to be bent to be adjusted, put on and removed, I worry that it will break. <end>  Outstanding  Beautifully designed, If you have any Irish in you blood line this is a must have piece of jewelry. You will love it as much as I do <end>  Beautiful  It's beautiful! The only reason I gave it 4 instead of five stars is because it's so soft- I didn't expect it- and due to bending it and off I'm concerned it'll break. So I Mai have to update this after having it longer. <end>  Celtic Pewter Bracelet  This bracelet is quite beautiful, well made and well worth the price. Actually, I plan to order more for Christmas gifts. <end>  great  My husband got me this beautiful peace. I was so happy that I found that it flexed. When I put it on for the first time I thought, "Wow this is to big as usual". When I found that it flexed and had it on for the day, I was so happy to have this new peace to my collection. I always buy or get stretch bands or leather as bracelets, so this made a great addition and I love to put it on every day. <end>  Already broke!!!!  This was a gift for my sister, and she was very pleased with it at first. However, she hasn't even had it for a month yet, and it snapped right in half! I'm very unhappy about this purchase. <end>  if only it looked as good as the picture  it was defective - with a large indentation near the edge of the center medalion of the bracelet - and was slightly bent out of shape . i could not possibly give it to anyone as a gift . it should have been a factory reject - maybe it was and they got a lot of these bracelets for really cheap. anyways - i was not about to pay ~$24.00 for a defective piece of junk. i returned it and got my money back - including what it cost to send it back . <end>  good present  i got this as part of my girlfriend's Christmas present and she really enjoyed it, i just gave to her a couple of weeks ago so we'll see how well it holds up but for now it's doing great and we're both happy with it <end>  Classic CELTIC KNOT Design Irish Silver Tone PEWTER BRACELET  The picture doesn't serve this bracelet justice. I LOVE IT. VeryB-E-A- UTIFUL. I am going to order another one for my mum's Birthday <end>  flimsy  Didn't expect the product to be quite so malleable. It is very beautiful but I dont wear it much for fear of bending it. <end>  Beautiful!  Ordered this for my cousin who is into the celtic stuff and she really liked it. It was very beautiful and of good quality, especially for the price. <end>  Bracelet  I ordered this cool bracelet for my girlfriend.She loved it very much,and she is wearing it always when she is out.To get it on your wrist is a bit tricky,cos you have to stretch it a bit,and when u put it off,it's the same.This could cause a bit "skewness" with the time.You get what's on the picture.Nice one. <end>  Beautiful  Received this as a gift. It is beautiful and made of heavy pewter. The comment about it stretching is correct. I have a tiny wrist and the bracelet is already askew. I love it anyway. <end>  Gorgeous  As an Irish woman and lover of Celtic knot work, I am very pleased with this. It is beautiful and very inexpensive. <end>  nice  like the design - needed another pewter type bracelet - it is a soft material but if you dont keep bending it - it should be fine <end>  Impressed  I'm always a little worried about ordering jewelry online, but this is actually very sturdy. Not as shiny as I was expecting, more a of a brushed metal appearance, but I still really like it. <end>  Irish Bracelet  I bought this bracelet for each of my four nieces. My package arrived in a timely manner and presented nicely. They loved the look and originality of the bracelet. It is soft and easy to manipulate but I have no fear that it will snap in two if treated properly. <end>  Not the best choice  I bought it as a gift for my girlfriend, but this bracelet got broken in less than 6 months. We are very unsatisfied. <end>
 B00065G058  Cross Crosses Friendship Christ Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Cheap  We had no problems with the selller, but we were a little disappointed with the product. The oter cross is very weak. These come with the inner cross inside the outer cross and upon our struggle to remove the inner cross we went the out part. It was ok, they serve the purpose but would have wanted something a bit higher quality. <end>  Nice for the price  This is a nice token of a gift. The quality is decent, but could be a little hardier. I will probably replace the black rope it came with with something of better quality. Good for the price. <end>
 B00065G0K8  Celtic Irish Butterfly Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great  I love this!!! It has great weight to it withou being too heavy. I decided to use it on my keychain. The detail is great! <end>
 B00065G0MG  Dogs Dog Wolf Celtic Circle Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Very satisfied  Quite satisfied indeed. Very quick shipping and well worth the short wait. I've been collecting quite a few Celtic knot pieces such as this one and I just love the addition. <end>  Very happy!  I am in love with this necklace! It's easy to adjust the length and the pendent is quite beautiful! Im very pleased! <end>  Just what I expected.  The pendant is just as shown in the picture, I really like it and and am pleased with the quality for the price. The cord it comes on is long, lands near the breast bone, yet adjustable to about the collar bone. I am completely happy with this product. <end>  Fantastic Deal!!!  Good size about a half dollar piece, nice weight to the metal, not chinsy. The cord is nice that its adjustable so it can be choker sytle or worn long, or you can cut it and put it on a chain instead, the material is like a hard leather. I really enjoy this necklace, the wolf is my celtic animal sign and its a great conversation topic, I just got it and its been noticed quite a bit, and the price cant be beat, would highly recommend!!! <end>  Satisfied  This is a great piece for me. Very similar to the family coat of arms from days of yore. Only problem for me is the size of the leather pendant. Can't get it over my noggin. <end>  Love this necklace!!  I love dogs and wolves and foxes and so this necklace is awesome, in my opinion. It's even more beautiful in person than in the picture because it has a nice shine to it. The cord is cool too because it is tied in such a way that when you slide both knots apart it gets bigger. So it is adjustable and will fit anyone! I highly recommend for any dog/wolf lover! <end>  Lo ve it!  Really love this. Well made and beautifully done. Great for anyone who likes Celtic/Wolf/Dog jewelry. Would be great as a gift for someone too. <end>  A good buy  I bought this pendant nearly a year ago now and have worn it nearly every day since it arrived. I have Irish / Celtic heritage on both sides of my family so this pendant really means something to me. It's started many conversations and has survived through morning runs and runs to the store. The pewter is just starting to tarnish now after all these months of use, so it's not something you have to constantly polish. <end>  Looks very nice for the price!  This looked like a good quality necklace so I purchased it for my daughter to give to her friend for Christmas. <end>  Better than expected  Nice wolf pendant--Very Celtic--Good quality as was shown--I'm sure my wife will love it in her Christmas stocking this year. Received earlier than expected <end>  Awesome  I really liked the design for this, though I wished they looked more like wolfs. Mine arrived on time with no problems. Also the one i got was dented a little on the back but it's not noticeable when you put it on. The cord is adjustable and it can be pretty long to be honest, but that's a good thing. The pendant itself it a little smaller than a quarter, so i was a little disappointed, but that's okay. I wear this everyday and I love it. <end>  Just what I hoped for!  The pendant is very well crafted and I'm not at all afraid that I will break it. The pendant also has some weight so I know it's there. I couldn't have asked for more, especially at such a great price. <end>  Awesome  Accidentally ordered two but keeping the extra because I like it so much and may gift it. Good size pendant and very unique. Wear it almost every day <end>  Beautiful necklace for a great deal!  Delivered on time via amazon. This was part of a Halloween costume and it was perfect! Beautiful craftsmanship. It was a bonus that the necklace was adjustable so it sits right where you want it to. Great deal for a beautiful piece. <end>  A Great Pendant  Since I have a Celtic heritage, I've been looking for things that would reflect that. This was one of several pendants I found and I loved it so much, I bought it first. Very well crafted and worth buying. <end>  Attractive and great gift  This pendant is about the size of a quarter, and a little thicker. It came with a little velvet-ish pouch with the maker's logo on it that made it even more attractive as a gift.It has a nice sheen and good detail, it would be a 5-star item if not for the somewhat flimsy and dubiously adjustable cord it comes on.My husband commented that the wolves 'looked like weasels', but the intended recipient identified them as wolves right away. So I guess this would work for wolf or weasel-lovers. <end>  Overall good quality, interesting design  Good finish, good quality- particularly for the price. The animals portrayed could pass for a variety of animals which isn't what I was after but still is a nice piece. <end>  Very cool pendant  I bought one for myself, my husband, and my son. We love them  ) Pewter is harder than Silver, so we haven't had the issue of denting and scratching that I have with another silver pendant I own.There is a clear coat of some sort that appears to be coming off of my husband's pendant, but he wore it pretty much constantly for months, even in the shower. My son and I have not had any problems with ours.Both my boys have rather large heads, lol, and the adjustable cord is perfectly long enough for them, but also works for me to tighten so the pendant is visible above the neck of my shirts.Overally very cool, original pendant. If you like the design you should not be dissappointed!  ) <end>  Great  I loved this necklace. i bought it as a little gift for myself for graduation and it was great. the only complaint i have is the Cord that holds the necklace kinda came apart on me. it was an easy fix though. all in all i loved this product <end>  Unique design!  Very nicely made, and not too heavy to wear. A conversation-starter, whether people are interested in Celtic designs, wolves, or dogs. Excellent vendor. <end>  Wonderful Wolf wear!  Quality product that is easy to apply. Guaranteed to get conversations started by your more observant friends who care enough to notice something different about you! Makes a great toy when holding young children and babies in your arms! Very speedy delivery. <end>
 B00065G0TY  Kokopelli Southwestern Style Pewter Bracelet ||	  kokopelli bracelet  my mum liked it as it was a christmas present for her . But it was very bendy and looks out of shape. the bracelet looked shiny in the picture and wasnt shiny when i got it . <end>  Breaks very easy  I was so excited to get this braclet and it broke within 10 days. I really liked the design of the braclet and it was slim and wore on my wrist well but cheap because it broke inhalf within 10 days. Very upset. <end>  Fragile  I got this as a gift for my 25th birthday from a dear friend. I love Kokopelli because I am a N.A. Flue player and love the culture as well. I also collect bracelets and bangles. When I received it I bent it to the shape of my wrist and felt like it was going to break. It's beautiful but delicate. This is one I have to be careful with! I'm almost afraid to wear it! <end>  Great gift  I purchased this as a gift for my wife, and she loves it. She's worn it now for at least 4 months, and it still looks great on her, and is her favorite bracelet. So far, it has taken every day wear with ease. No damages, scratches or anything. IF something ever happened to it, I would buy another in a minute! If you like this bracelet, you should strongly consider buying it! <end>  It Worked!!!  I got this for a friend, she was trying to conceive. She wore it 1 month and now is pregnant!! Very great!! Congrats Tracy!! <end>  Kokopelli Bracelet  I bought this for a friend for Xmas as she is very fond of Native American Indian and when she received it, she absolutely loved it and knew all about this style. It arrived beautifully boxed and very well shipped.ch <end>
 B00065G12K  Chinese Courageous Tiger Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Excellent Quality for the Price!  A beautiful pendant! I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to compliment their attire with a really neat piece of jewelry. <end>  Very Nice.  I bought this Tiger symbol for myself. A friend liked it, so for her birthday I bought her the Dragon version. We've both gotten numerous compliments on these pendants. It is pewter rather than silver and very light in weight. I don't mind that because if it were heavier it wouldn't hang as well on a chain. It comes with a cord that is little more than thick black string. You will probably do what I did and cut it off the string. I bought the "Sterling Silver Snake 1.4mm Chain Necklace 20" also available here and it is a really nice balance for the modern look of the pendant. <end>  Pewter pendant  Chinese "Tiger" Symbol Solid Pewter PendantMy son who is a Tiger, as am I ,has worn this pendant for about 2 months, happily and trusting its protection. We were born 36 years(3 cycles) apart, both sharing the same sign.The only improvement on this item would be for the material to be sterling silver, although The alloy pewter was known in China.The price was right, though not outstanding value. <end>  Great Little Gift  I bought this as a present for someone, not expecting much due to the cheap price. I have to admit it looks much better than I thought. I don't particularly like the little cord that comes with it, but the pendant itself is very very nice. You get much more than what you pay for, that is for sure... <end>
 B00065G14S  Chinese Candid Rooster Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Awesome!  I was very impressed with this necklace!! Very good quality for the price! Since it was so inexpensive, my expectations weren't that high to begin with. I was a little concerned about the pendant turning around and laying the wrong way, but it stays in place (when worn close to the neck). I haven't had any problems with it and I have received many compliments. The rope has been sturdy so far.. I've been wearing it almost daily. <end>
 B00065G170  Celtic Fish Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  One minor flaw  When I ordered I did not realize that one of the fish only has half the scales. I prefer if it had more balance because it seems lopsided. Other than that, I love it. <end>
 B00065G1B6  Celtic Swan Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Correction  On your product description ti says Muin is Sept2-20. It is actually Sept2-29. Just a lil thing. The Necklace is great though. Good workmanship, price, and fast delivery. <end>  Wonderful piece, as always  I love this pendant, as I love everything I've ordered from Dan's. I've told a lot of my friends about this store, and they love what they see as much as I do! <end>
 B00065G1BQ  Celtic Dragon Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Great value  This is a very lovely necklace and well worth the modest price. I was delighted about the zodiac sign on the back; in fact, that is one reason I chose this particular design. <end>  Excellent  CELTIC DRAGON Silver Tone PEWTER Pendant NecklaceNice detail, beautiful design,be advised though, on the back of the charm is the celtic/ druidic zodiac sign for this animal. <end>
 B00065G1EI  Warrior Fighter Pewter Finger Armor Ring ||	  Broke before I could wear it.  I liked this ring but it is too fragile to really wear. Mine came and within a couple of days broke. Now I have to try to find a way to fix it. <end>  Rigid non-moving ring  This ring is supposed to have three points of articulation. It does not. It is a rigid ring. If one were to move it as other armor rings do, the joints would tear apart. When the seller states it is solid pewter, that appears to refer to the lack of any ability to flex the ring.It does look nice and is unique, so I gave it two stars for appearance. <end>
 B00065G1KW  Blue Stone Southwestern Style Feather Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Fun to wear  I had to replace the cord it came with. It kept flipping so the backside was out no matter which way I put it on. A shy pendant I guess. Otherwise I am very happy with it. If you like native american jewelry you'd probably enjoy having this. And, its not expensive - so you can go ahead and buy it for fun - just because you feel like it. <end>
 B00065G1PW  Thor Dragon Thor's Hammer Real Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful  I was so glad to find it arrived 2 or 3 days earlier than it said it would. As for the necklace itself, I love it. It adjusts nicely, and the design is just like it is in the picture. I would love it twice as much if the design had continued to the back of the pendant, but regardless, it's an awesome necklace, especially for the price. I don't regret wasting what little money I had to buy it.  P <end>  Cool Thor Necklace  I bought this item as a gift for someone for Christmas, and he has a blue and black tattoo of the Thor hammer on his arm so I know he will love it! When i got it in the mail I think that that size is perfect but the cord is cheap looking. It's too small to fit around just about anyone's head unless they were a kid. I reccommend cuting the black cord off and replacing it with a silver chain. It comes with a black bag to put the necklace in and is really polished. I don't like how the design doesnt continue to the back and how they say 'dragon' when its really Thor's enemy sea serpent. But it's overall very beautiful and awesome for Thor fans.  ) <end>  Beautiful and Calming Totem  During an especially trying time in my life, I would have worn rainbow sackcloth and an alumunim foil hat if I thought it would get me through the day. This funny little design with mighty Thor's hammer and a powerful dragon gave me a chance to smile and who knows--maybe draw a little extra punch when I needed it. Not so needy? It's also a great piece of jewelry too! Could be suitible for either a boy or girl teen, as example. <end>  Really cool  Looks great, feels great. I would definately reccomend it to anyone. The string it comes on is really small though. <end>  Thor would be proud  This is awesome pendent I have it hang in my car and it looks badass. I have another pendent that I wear that I don't even take off. I just wish they would make one that was silver. <end>  Beautiful Piece  I bought this for my husband he loved it so much he put it on and I don't see it coming off any time soon. The size of the Pendant is just perfect especially since my husband is a big man. <end>  Great Product  Very fast shipping, quality packaging. Great weight and feel to it; the cord it comes with is good, I'd still be careful not to yank it too hard though. And like most people have said, it's not a dragon but the world encircler Jormungandr, Thor's rival in Ragnarok. Overall  Awesome. <end>  The picture simply does not do this piece justice!!!  The picture simply does not do this piece justice!!! WOW!This is a finely crafted piece of jewelry. It has good weight and detail I am very well please whether price!! <end>  Great buy! Great price!  I bought this thinking I would get some open-back kind of nice pendant that really showed its price. Much to my pleasure, it turned out to be beautiful solid piece that is both heavier and larger than I had anticipated (both are good things)! Those of you looking at this item's picture thinking it won't look as good, you're right; it will look better. Not to mention the nice bag and cord it comes with. Honestly I had planned to put it on a chain, but I personally think the cord looks better! Overall I'm very pleased and would highly recommend this piece to anyone. <end>  very cool  looks so great, comes with nice bag to keep it safe, on a string that is adjustable so it fits great <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!  For the small price, this product is beyond beautiful and im surprised it didn't cost more, as it should. The picture, as others have said, really don't do it justice. Gave it to my crush as a late birthday present and he loves it, and wears it always  ) I will be buying from them again! Shipping was fast as well  ) <end>  Hefty, impressive.  I agree with the other reviewers that this is nicely detailed, hefty to wear, and that the seller (Dan's Jewelers) was extremely responsive. I actually got this in one day. I'm very happy with the medallion. <end>  Cool peice of jewelry  I bought this for my husband as an alternative to another wedding ring because he has lost so many over the years and it was driving me crazy (not to mention how costly it was becoming).This is a very well made peice of art and came on a very durable cord. He wears it all the time without having to take it off, which is really nice.The necklace came nicly packaged in a pretty petite velvet jewelry bag, and made a perfect gift. <end>  Great!  Fast! Fast! Fast! Fast! Fast!I got this item in two days. Spectacular piece. Absolutely wonderful. Very strong and relatively large. I am pleased beyond belief.Just a bit of clarity (on my part if I am wrong or everyone else's part if my suspicions are correct) I believe this to be a recreation of actual jewelry found at archeaological digs. It represents Mjollnir - Thor's hammer. The serpent wrapped around Mjollnir I also at first took to be a dragon, but with a little research you can find that Thor's arch-enemy is J&ouml;rmungandr the World Serpent (a sea serpent creature that is destined to both die at the hands of Thor AND kill Thor during Ragnarok - the Norse Apocalypse). <end>  Love it.  I bought this for a friend of mine - it came quickly in a velvet bag with a black cord. I switched out the cord for a chain and it looks awesome. It's pewter, yeah, but it really looks gorgeous. The photo doesn't really do it justice. <end>  4 starred dragon  I love this! It is quite the conversational piece. People are curious about it and where I brought it from. Looks better in person than on the computer screen. A good gift for those interested in dragons, the God Thor or even children of the Orisha Chango. <end>  Amazing supplier, Amazing product.  I just got my necklace out of the mailbox, and before I being my review of the necklace itself, I have something to say Dan's Jeweler's is AMAZING. First off, 2 hours after I ordered it, they mailed it out, I've never had any place send something out so fast. Secondly, it got here in only a few days, I made a silent prayer in my head to the Gods that this was in my mailbox, and it actually was. I did not think my prayers would be answered. Awesome shipping, I'm beyond satisfied with Dan's Jewelers. They even included a code for 20% off the next item I purchase. DJ, you're awesome.Now, onto the review of the item itself, one word Amazing.The picture honestly does not do this beautiful pendant any justice, it's beautiful, Mjollnir and J&ouml;rmungandr are both beautiful on this pendant. Although, like one person before me reviewed  It is not a dragon on this pendant. If so, wouldn't that be kind of, well, to be blunt  lame? Take Mjollnir, Thor's Hammer, and randomly put a dragon on it? No real sense in it. That *IS* Jormungandr, the Midgard / World Serpent. For those who don't know about Norse Mythology  Jormungandr and Thor are destined to fight at Ragnarok, which is why I love this piece so much.I've seen reviews from different Dan's Jeweler's products where people say they hate the cord that comes with the pendants, well, I actually like it. The cord seems high quality, it feels good, and it matches the pendant rather well. I will be buying more from Dan's Jewelers.If you are thinking of purchasing this pendant, don't hesitate, you won't regret buying it. <end>  Very Nice!  I too, purchased this item for a friend. It's larger than what you would expect looking at the picture. I was worried the chain I chose for it would be too large for the eyelet on the pendant, but it's plenty ample!We love it. It looks hand crafted with initials on the back of the maker. What can I say, for the price, it's gorgeous!Thanks! <end>  Worth The Money  Pros+Nice Color, looks old and worn, good effect.+The detail is gorgeous, and the quality is strong.+The "chain" matches the pendant, and has a very long adjustable strap.+Has artists engravings in the back, feels authentic.+It's a good convo starter.Cons+The only real con for me is the fact that the back of the pendant is blank. Its flat. All my other necklaces are 3D, so the designs continue all around, lest this one. Oh well, its a small set back as compared to the over all look of the pendant itself.Final Thoughts+If your considering getting a Thor pendant, i suggest this one compared to some of the other crappier versions on Amazon. <end>  Thor Dragon Hammer  Purchased the Thor Dragon Hammer pendant as a gift. It shipped fast, was packaged very securely and looked great. Definitely gift-worthy and at an excellent price. <end>  Great great deal  Received this piece very quickly. As others have stated the picture does not do it justice. Just a beautiful piece and the mythology behind it makes it all the more special since it incorporates Mjollnir and Jormungander.Highly recommend it, actually will be buying another for my son. <end>  Great for bar conversation  I'm big into norse mythology so it's great to tell the story about ragnarok and how Thor saved middle earth by killing Yurmungandur (the dragon).I wish it was double sided but it does a good job. <end>  Gift  Got this for my little brother and he loved it. Men's jewelry can be kind of tricky at times, especially to find something they really like. This one comes highly recommended! <end>
 B00065G1SE  Blue Crystal Eye Dragon Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  BENDY METAL  This necklace is cool, but the tail is easy to break. It bends easily. I expected this to be bigger so don't be fooled by that. Nothing else bends except for the tail. The blue crystal in its eye is very cool. You should look at all the information you can find before you buy this item. GOOD LUCK!!!Ryan age 9 <end>  blue dragon  the dragon has nice detail and the blue crystal is nice and clear. It is impossible to find this item in local jewerly stores and or flea markets in my area. This was a good fine.Vincent LauriaShirley L. I. NY <end>  got what i paid for  this item picture showed that the item is silver and shiny and when i received it, it was a dark silver, still a good buy for the price, but if your wanting something shiny bright and noticeable this isnt it, still served my purpose for a christmas gift, and the person receiving it liked it, so overall a good cheap buy. <end>
 B00065G1TS  Gothic Shiny Pewter Finger Spike Ring ||	  Pretty neat  Well, I wasn't expecting a really great A-quality ring for the price; as in, real steel, comfortable, etc. But it's a good ring nonetheless. The little screws in the back holding two armors dig into the back of my finger, but not terribly bad. The ring is comfortable if worn right, so it just takes adjustment and practice.Personally, I love the ring. I got it to 'sample' what armor rings were like, if I wanted to buy a more expensive one later. With proper care and polish, this ring will last a long time, and remember that it's a decoration ring, it will bend if you try to use it as tool. <end>
 B00065G22E  Blue Crystal Kissing Dragons Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Dragon Necklace  This necklace is fun and flirty. My grand daughter has it as part of her birthday gifts, and as she collects dragons, she was so happy to recieve this. <end>  wonderful piece  The item description was accurate, though I had thought this piece would be a little bigger. But they put the exact size in the item description so that's okey.This is a very lovely piece. The necklace cord fits very well around the neck and the dragons look very beautiful. I'm not a specialist for necklaces and this is my first review, but I definitely adore this necklace and I'm sure my friend will love it as a gift.Of course, my rate is 5/5 and the service was excellent. <end>
 B00065H0YI  Bird Eagle Falcon Pewter Armor Ring Spike ||	  not really a real ring  So the "ring" doesn't actully move with your finger. So for example if I have it on and move my finger to make a fist the ring itself stays perfectly stright. It doesn't move with my finger at all. So for me at least it's more of a interesting cover for you finger not a ring at all. The design is pretty nice and I love the claw feature. <end>
 B00065H0ZW  Spider Star Pewter Pendant Necklace Cool Man ||	  Excellent  Everything came just like it was described and it arrived well within the date I was expecting it. Great experience. <end>
 B00065LHI8  Sterling Silver September Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Blue Sapphire Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  Pendants  Very pretty and all but quite large pendants. If you have a small family it is great but if you are a family of 10 like ours it is too large for one necklace. <end>
 B00065LHX8  Sterling Silver May Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant w/ Emerald Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  SS Birthstone Baby Brat Girl Pendant  I bought this necklace for my grandchild. It is of good quality and looked exactly as the picture on-line. I highly recommend this necklace for little girls. <end>  Pendants  Very pretty and all but quite large pendants. If you have a small family it is great but if you are a family of 10 like ours it is too large for one necklace. <end>
 B00065LHZ6  Sterling Silver October Birthstone Baby Brat Boy Pendant w/ Pink Tourmaline Color Cubic Zirconia ||	  Pendants  Very pretty and all but quite large pendants. If you have a small family it is great but if you are a family of 10 like ours it is too large for one necklace. <end>
 B00065NS9E  Sterling Silver Multi Strand Chain and Open Heart Bracelet - 7.5" ||	  Beautiful and simple  It's a delicate bracelet and something that sits simply on the wrist, but that hasn't stopped me from getting compliments on it. I love the multi-chain look and the heart is perfect. I don't wear it all the time but so far hasn't tarnished. I measure the length and it was correct and fits my wrist perfectly. <end>  Trendy and Classy  When I saw this on sale for about $16, I got it right away and took advantage of the free shipping (for orders over $45). It's such a trendy, yet classy design. I haven't worn it that much, but it looked really nice on my wrist when I wore it. I'm really skinny, so it's a little loose on me, but it still looks fine (about 7" long)... draping over the back of my hand as I move.Bonus  all my orders arrived earlier than expected (3 days after I placed the order on a weekend!)I only wish that the heart center-piece had that 925 stamp too. It makes it look more authentic that way. Pendants and charms normally have that stamp even if the clasp has it already. Without it, it kinda makes you wonder if it's real, just silver plated or what. I guess time will tell.And oh, I prefer the toggle clasp over the lobster claw clasp they used on this one. <end>
 B0006696AI  Sterling Silver Amethyst Stud Earrings ||	  while nicely crafted, these are HUGE!  Please be sure and pay attention to the scale image and the other reviewers comments as these earrings are huge - larger than my earlobes. If you want bling, but these. If you want subtle everyday earrings, look elsewhere. <end>  Beautiful Earrings!  The earrings are great! They have great sparkle and great color.They are larger than they appear...certainly a "wow!" kind of earring. <end>  Very Very Large!  I agree with another reviewer who said that these are extremely large earrings.However, I am actually returning mine for that reason. In my opinion, they aregaudy and look phony, and they are not at all what I wanted. I feel terrible aboutthis, too, as I had requested them as a gift, expecting stones more than half thesize and more useful for everyday wear.If you are shopping for jewlery on Amazon, please pay attention to size! If you areunsure, PLEASE double check! I wish I had saved myself the trouble! Hopefully, Amazonwill begin including scale-reference photographs for products such as these. <end>  big and tacky  i was on the search for big and tacky earrings... and i found them!! they are HUGE. i find the sterling silver to be a bit soft so the posts bend easily. dont think i've ever had sterling silver earrings before so i dont know if they are supposed to or not. but if your not looking for big and tacky these arent for you. the stone itself is bigger than my ear lobe. because they are bigger than i was expecting i dont wear them often. so i think the amount i paid was a little too much considering the amount of wear i will get out of them. <end>
 B0006696B2  Sterling Silver Lime Quartz Stud Earrings ||	  Sterling Silver Lime Quartz Stud Earrings  These earrings are knock-your-eyes-out large! They are pretty but don't seem to sit right on my ears. I like them anyway. The lime quartz is pale and sparkly. Think they would be good for someone not as petite as I am. They stand out from the ear like a little box in their setting. I paid $19.00 for them awhile ago and feel they would be good for the right person.They look smaller in the picture. <end>
 B0006696DA  Sterling Silver Inspirational Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  I cherish it.  It was a gift, so I don't know if it came in the correct box or not. What I do know is that it is much nicer than the previous bracelet I had of similar design. (The other one was very cheaply made.) I'm sure I'll enjoy this bracelet for a lifetime. I get a lot of compliments on it. <end>  I've received a lot of compliments  This is a very pretty bracelet, many people have complimented me on it. I'm not disappointed. It is a bit big on me so I have to wear it with two of the charms hanging past the clasp. This is a nice casual bracelet and very affordable. If you are looking for something "tiffany" quality then go shopping at tiffany & co, not amazon.com for your jewelry. <end>  Very Pleased  Bought this as a graduation gift for a friend's daughter. Was very happy with the quality for the price. She loved it and wears it often. Very nice insprational gift. <end>  workmanship could be better  Overall item is absolutely beautiful, but the message parts of the bracelet are not put together with solid rings. Have already had a problem with these rings. Otherwise very pleased. <end>  Disappointed  This bracelet did not come with the nice suede box, as advertised. It came in a small square cheap cardboard box. Although, it is obviously an inexpensive bracelet...it looked cheap as can be. Luckily, it IS inexpensive so I can't get too mad. <end>
 B00066D32U  Sterling Silver Turquoise Color Evil Eye Bracelet ||	  Great bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is one of my favorites. I wear it everyday and I love to tell people that it's an evil eye bracelet. I definately recommend it. The only problem was I had a hard time picking which color I wanted to buy. <end>
 B00066D42Y  Sterling Silver Black Color Evil Eye Bracelet ||	  great choice  Several of my friends had purchased bracelets from this manufacturer so I had seen the quality of the bracelet. What a bonus to find a better price at Amazon.com. Very pleased. <end>  beautiful evil eyes  These breacelets are lovely, definetely worth the money. Came very proptly and I wear them every day. Very nice product, good silver, sits just right on my wrist. I highly recommend this product. If you are into evil eyes, get this. I bought two - black and multicolor. <end>
 B00066IXO8  Sterling Silver Amethyst Mystical Armor Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  COMFORT IS THE NAME OF THE GAME  COMFORT IS THE RIGHT WORD TO USE WHEN TALKING ABOUT THIS RING; NOT TO MENTION THAT IT LOOKS SO BOHO--LOVE THAT LOOK. AGAIN, THIS IS FROM ONE OF MY FAVORITE SELLERS. THANKS SO MUCH REGARDS,DH <end>  Regret  I was shocked when I saw this ring, it was not what I expected. I have never seen a ring so small, not made for humans. it's something I'd expect in a bon bon at Christmas time.It's too tight for my pinky, the sizing is all wrong.I can't imagine them selling this item in a jewelry shop, very disappointing, not worth the money at all. I won't buy jewelry online anymore.A regret <end>
 B00066IXOS  Sterling Silver Ivy Leaf Vine Branch Marcasite Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Careful With This One!  I love this ring, it is just as pictured and looks very elegant. The only caveat I have is that the shape and structure lend the ring to easy bends--I have already broken a couple soldered points. Also, I snag it on lots of things--clothes mainly--so I end up shelving the thing more than wearing it. But I am pretty rough on my hands, so if you aren't, this is a great ring for you. <end>  Nearly covers your whole finger! Nice and lean!  Silver Insanity has the best accessories!!! I saw the image of the ring on Amazon and immediately fell in love. I love rings that covers your proximal phalanx (the bone in your finger closest to your hand). When I received the ring, (earlier than counted upon), I was a little disappointed to see how little it looked and how dainty but that was before I tried it on. I was expecting the ring to be bulky and glad it wasn't. The fingers surrounding it wasn't bothered or irritated thx to the rings slimness. I recommend using the ring size chart b/c I had thought I'd be a 6; turns out, I'm a 7. What was misleading, though, is the picture. The leaves are shown bright, but it looks noticably darker (inside the outer rimming of the leaf, to where the gems are) when you have it in your hands. My fingers are long and slender. The ring didn't twist or turn about, but it didn't cover my proximal phalanx completely. I'll measure... from the end of the bottom leave to the end of the top, it's about 3.3cm. My middle proximal phalanx (the bone in your middle finger closest to your hand) is about 3.8cm. And if you should run your fingers through your hair, the leaves will not get entangled! Nice!You can wear the damn ring everywhere!!! I love it! <end>  Great product!  I love this ring. It is fun and it looks nice. I get compliments about it every time I wear it. <end>  Unique  Ring was nice, and unique. The points do snag on things though. And one of the "diamond" chips fell out but you can't really tell. <end>  Classy  Love the looks of this piece. Very classy and elegant, yet does not preak the bank. <end>  my favorite ring  The pictures don't do this ring any justice. It's a very pretty, unique ring. <end>  great ring!  I love this ring! I originally found it when I was reordering another vine ring from silver insanity. My boyfriend's mom gave me the vines and leaves ring which I also love, and I wore it at work too much (I'm a waitress) and a piece broke off. I went to amazon to order a replacement and found this ring. I ended up ordering both rings. I love this one because I can wear it at work and it has only caught on things a few times, and it was pretty easy to bend it right back into shape. The price was unbeatable and the quality of the ring was better than I expected. I have had so many complements on it, that I am going to order the matching earings!!! <end>  love the ring, but....  I love this ring, I really do. It's absolutely gorgeous. The only problem is that so far i have already lost three of the stones it in. It still looks ok, but losing those stones definately dissapointed me. I still wear it almost every day though. <end>  Worth it!  perfect pricing for this ring! Pretty! delivered quickly & in great condition! <end>
 B00066IXPM  Sterling Silver Wizards Armor Ring in Garnet(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Too tight  Very tight ring, looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big! Not for me... <end>  Very nice.  The Wizards Armor ring is an eye catcher. It looks better in reality than on the web image. I love it and I recommend it as an original piece of jewelry. <end>  Metal of ring quite insubstantial  The ring is pretty enough, but the metal of the ring is very insubstantial it pushes in very easily. <end>
 B00066IY0Q  Sterling Silver Medieval Cross Armor Wide Ring Size 14(Sizes 4,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Stunning Ring  This ring is truly stunning! I get compliments on it all the time, and unlike a lot of other wide rings, it's very, very comfortable. It's also very versatile as a woman's ring and as a men's ring, without being to bulky or flamboyant---just right! ;)However... the beautiful little details (the loops and the beads) are ever-so-slightly raised, so they tend to catch on clothing frequently. It's not really that big of an issue if you're careful, but still something to be wary of (as with just about any ring!). <end>  Love It  I love this ring. Its gorgeous and very different than other rings. Beautiful and noticeable. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Just as beautiful as the picture  I gave it as a gift and was told I had truly outdone myself. <end>
 B00066IY1A  Sterling Silver Medieval Cross Armor Wide Ring Size 7(Sizes 4,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Stunning Ring  This ring is truly stunning! I get compliments on it all the time, and unlike a lot of other wide rings, it's very, very comfortable. It's also very versatile as a woman's ring and as a men's ring, without being to bulky or flamboyant---just right! ;)However... the beautiful little details (the loops and the beads) are ever-so-slightly raised, so they tend to catch on clothing frequently. It's not really that big of an issue if you're careful, but still something to be wary of (as with just about any ring!). <end>  Love It  I love this ring. Its gorgeous and very different than other rings. Beautiful and noticeable. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Just as beautiful as the picture  I gave it as a gift and was told I had truly outdone myself. <end>
 B00066IY1U  Sterling Silver Wizards Armor Ring in Garnet(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Too tight  Very tight ring, looks pretty nice but if you wear it it doesnt come off and you can hardly bend your finger because it is so big! Not for me... <end>  Very nice.  The Wizards Armor ring is an eye catcher. It looks better in reality than on the web image. I love it and I recommend it as an original piece of jewelry. <end>  Metal of ring quite insubstantial  The ring is pretty enough, but the metal of the ring is very insubstantial it pushes in very easily. <end>
 B00066TSWO  GemGear Volleyball Earrings ||	  Love it!  My daughter absolutely loves these! Love that they are comfortable studs that she can even wear during her volleyball games. <end>
 B00066WEQ6  Filigree Butterfly Fashion Earrings ||	  earring  Fine item. Shipped on time. Medium sizes. Nothing to discourage anyone from purchasing this item or items from this company. <end>
 B00066WG8C  14kt. Gold Cross Charm ||	  nice cross  i gave this as a gift to my husband. he was very pleasedwith quality <end>
 B00066WGCI  14K Rose Gold & White Gold, Rose Pendant ||	  why the price hike?  This was on my wish-list for a while then suddenly the price jumped to $380. It was only $149 a few months ago. Why the price hike? It still the same item isn't it? The $149 was not a sale price. The "retail" price jumped to more than twice the original price.Disclosure  I didn't buy this item, so I can't judge it based on any physical characteristics. <end>
 B000673JT6  Certified Genuine Multicolor Baltic Amber and Sterling Silver Adjustable Designer Ring, Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12 ||	  Beautiful Gift!  I bought this as a Christmas present for my sister-in-law. It is sturdy, well made, and beautiful. She loved it! <end>  Lots of compliments!  I wasn't sure if I should buy this without seeing it but I decided it looked to so pretty I just had to get it. I have absolutely no regrets. It's a gorgeous ring and I get tons of compliments. It has a different look and that's what makes it so unique. <end>  Love Love Love it!  I ordered this ring for myself as an after tax season reward. I kept looking at the website and finally ordered it, and boy am I glad I did. The colors are fabulous and I haven't had a hard time adjusting it. My only problem - my 21 year old daughter also fell in love with it, so now I may have to order another. You will not be disappointed in the colors or the design of this gorgeous ring! <end>  She Loves it!!!  She Loves It!!! The picture looks better than the actual ring, but she loves it and others admire it. Win Win!!! <end>  Incredible!!!  Wow!!! this ring is true to the photo and description. Very original in design, quality made! I love it and other people that see it too! <end>  Nice Ring  I received promptly but the center stones are not green and amber, they are clear and amber. The stones are not the same color as depicted in the photograph. Shame on Ian and Valeri Co. However, when brought to their attention the distributor immediately replaced the product, comp'd me shipping charges and offered to make it right. Nice to see such great customer service. Ring is nice quality and I like it. <end>  not like photo  I read all these great reviews about this ring and it looks good in the photo. When I received it, well, it looks kind of cheap -- like a toy almost. I was not really happy with it at all. It's ok but not like the photo <end>  Beautiful Ring!  The ring was shipped quickly and is more beautiful in person than in pictures! I get compliments on it all the time. Very comfortable to wear <end>  Thick band, gorgeous stones  Really neat ring, gorgeous stones, and a fun alternative to small rings or bulky cocktail rings. My one and only complaint is that the band is so thick that after a few hours of wear it becomes uncomfortable for me due to size and weight. Some this might not bother, I understand this - just my personal experience. I wear this a few times and week and switch up the finger since its adjustable. All in all, I love it! <end>  Lots of compliments on this  It's every bit what you see in the picture. It's too sturdy to be adjustable, but that's not a problem. I bought it for the Amber stone, enjoying the unique design and very please with the quality of the ring overall. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful! Worth the money!  This ring is absolutely beautiful. Very eye catching with beautiful craftsmanship. I bought this one for a thumb ring, and I ordered another one for the other thumb and one for my daughter as soon as I got it. I have received several compliments on it, and I just love it. It's a comfortable fit and gorgeous. I highly recommend!!! <end>  Love it!  I love, love, love this ring! It looks exactly like the picture and I get compliments on it all the time. Absolutely beautiful! <end>  Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring as a birthday gift and it is so beautiful. It looked like it was going to be a bit bulky, but when put on, it really isn't. The person I bought it for just loves it and it looks much more expensive than it really it is. Great buy! <end>  Multicolor Amber Ring  This is my new favorite piece of abstract jewelry. The craftsmanship is exquisite and obviously of sound quality. I'm still surprised I bought this at such a reasonable price, it's well worth the cost. If you wear a half size, I recommend buying half a size larger and gently tightening the band to the desired fit. <end>  Big  The ring is pretty, but believe those who say it is big. It looked even bigger because I received a larger one than I ordered. Instead of exchanging it I just gave it someone else whose finger it fits. And when it does, it looks really nice. The silver is very shiny and together with the stones they catch light and make your hand look very sparkly when you move it. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring is beautiful. I got one to fit on my middle finger and it is very comfortable. The ring is solidly made, very unique and has several different colors (gold, deep orange, olive green). It sparkles in the light. I was afraid it would look too big on my hand, since they are small, but its perfect. <end>  As Beautiful as the Picture  This is a beautiful ring, probably even more beautiful than the picture shows, because it glows in the light, and the colors are complementary. I should comment that it is a heavy ring and that it is rather thick, so it is felt between the fingers. If you are not used bigger rings, it may take time to adjust to it. <end>  love it!  This ring was a gift for my son. Absolutely love it! It's well constructed and looks amazing. Well worth the price and alot more. Everyone who sees it admires the craftsmamship. Only wish there were more styles with the amber available for me. <end>  One of my go-to pieces  Big, beautiful ring. Very comfortable to wear, and I wear it a LOT. I get lots of compliments! I'm so glad I bought it. <end>  Very pretty amber ring!  I recently purchased this multi-colored-amber ring as a Christmas gift for a dear friend. When I received it in the mail, I thought the ring looked elegant, unique, very pretty, and was happy that it also came with a certificate of authenticity. My daughters also liked the ring a lot, so maybe I'll be ordering more of these! The ring also is quality-made  it has a rich shiny finish, includes lots of silver, and the gems look very nice. Thanks! <end>  Amber Ring  The ring was as pretty as I imagined it would be in person. It was, however much thicker than I imagined it to be. I would have preferred it to have a thinner band and to look less clunky. I probably would not have bought it had I tried it on my hand, but I don't dislike it enough to return it. I do wear it, but don't find it totally comfortable due to the thickness of the band. <end>  Beautiful ring purchased from Amazon  It is a beautiful ring. The silver is shiny and thick/strong, and the stones are clear, bright and lovely colors. <end>  great deal  Great deal. I bought this for my wife, it was better than the picture. She loves it, wears it all the time. <end>  great ring!  This ring is great and I swear it has mystical powers. Wearing it today with the earrings that match! I love it! <end>  my new wedding ring  My husband bought this for me as a replacement for my wedding ring which had broken. I love the ring,it has all the stones for our family and I love it. <end>  displeased!  I rec the ring as a Christmas gift and fell in love with it. It is sterling silver and I keep it polished. It seemd everyday it is tarnished! <end>  Broken upon arrival/Now fixed  I just opened my ring box. To my dismay the inside stone is missing or broken off. I have never worn the ring. I immediately put it back into its box and it is already in the mail being returned. Hopefully a replacement will arrive in a timely manner without issue.Will keep you posted.......Update Not only did the seller send me a replacement ring within days they refunded my original transaction.I am VERY happy! <end>  Beautiful and different  I got this as a present off my wish list this year. I love it. It is a little big and needs to be sized so I can't really wear it yet. I absolutely love it and the company that shipped it did a great job. Can't believe how reasonably priced it is. I would have paid over $50 for this ring. It really does look great in person. So glad I got it! <end>  Please give your review a title  I bought this ring for my girlfriend. Her friend has this ring and my girlfriend always wanted to own it as well. Ring came quickly and she is very happy with it. <end>  Beautiful for reasonable price  Bought this ring for my mother's birthday, she wears it at work, coworker girls made so many compliments about it, that i had to buy her an earrins and pendant also. Excellent service, fast second day delivery. I would recommend it to my friends. <end>  Super Ring  I bought this ring as gift for my girlfriend.It was very good present because of it's unusual shape.I am very happy of my chosen.Thanks.)))) <end>  Pretty but fragle  At first I really enjoyed this ring but it only lasted a couple of day and then the stone chipped. It is not wearable now. <end>  If you love amber....  If you love amber and unique design, then this is the ring for you. As some reviewers have said, the band is not tapered and it's big - but the ring is substantial and you really do get used to the round band. There are 3 different colors of amber - honey, butterscotch and green. This is a very nice piece of jewelry without the high dollar price tag. It took 2 days to arrive at my home, so they don't fool around when it comes to delivery of their product. Definitely lives up to 5 stars!! <end>  GREAT quality, GREAT look, GREAT price!  My mother loved loved LOVED this ring. I got it for her for her birthday and it is so "her style." She's been wearing it constantly! <end>  100% gorgeous  This ring is so unique style yet still such a fabulous look to it. A ring that takes one look and know then ya gotta buy it. Within the ring had a variety of different ambers, the green is my favorite, but so hard to find, though it's in this ring. Just make sure to get the right size, because the band is real thick and it will take some work to adjust it later. <end>  Beautiful  I got this ring as a present from my aunt for the holiday season. This past summer she got me into amber jewelry while on vacation in Pennsylvania. She claimed that she had been looking at buying this ring for herself the day before she found it on my wishlist. So she bought it for me instead. It's a beautiful ring, and since it's not connected it is adjustable but sturdy (I didn't need to adjust it, and it hasn't adjusted on its own yet.) It has a nice assortment of different ambers, which match exactly to the ones shown in the image. I wear mine on my middle finger next to a ring I have on my ring finger and they never rub each other, and the thickness is quickly ignored (especially on the hand you don't use as much.) Shines beautifully and being a sort of tom-boy (I don't like anything too girl-y) it has a nice simple design, but I'm sure it would also appeal to feminine women as well. All in all well worth the money, and a wonderful gift to give someone that enjoys amber. <end>  Even prettier "live"  Overall, I am totally pleased with my purchase. I received a fast shipment, the craftsmanship is very good. I'll definitely use commonsense when wearing the ring...it does have delicate features even though the band is quite thick. I'd recommend it to whom ever is interested. <end>  Amber RIng  This ring was absolutely beautiful when I received it, which was very exciting because it was a great price. I was disappointed that I had made a mistake on the size I ordered, so decided to request a return. Unfortunately, they do not offer exchanges and I had to pay the shipping for return, so I am not sure I will order another. <end>  A Must!  What a gorgeous ring! I have been getting a lot of compliments on the ring! This is a must to buy if you love sterling sliver and amber. I wasn't into the amber but I am now.... Great price as well. I've seen a similar ring for $75 or more. <end>  Just Fine  This product was just fine. it is a nice and unusual design. I like the blend of different colors of amber gemstones. <end>  So pretty!  Very nice ring. Stones are just as pretty as they look online. Bought it as a gift, and she loves it <end>  Love this piece  I love this ring. It is great because I can wear on different fingers because of the way it is made. <end>  It's my favorite now  I'm absolutely in love with this ring! Great design, great idea, and an excellent execution! I'm looking forward to add some more Ian and Valery jewels to my collection. <end>  amber ring  I think the amber ring is lovely-its a little bulky on your finger but the two tone jewel is cool to look at and picks up the light nicely <end>  This ring is fantastic  I received this ring four years ago as a graduation present. I still wear it on a regular basis, and have since gotten the matching pendant and earrings. The design is beautiful and simple, and the jewelry has stood up to the abuses of everyday wear by a careless teenager. I would definitely recommend this to a friend. <end>  Lovely ring that completes a set of jewelry  As usual, I was not disappointed with this Amazon purchase. The stones in this ring are gorgeous and the silver so shiney. It is a lovely compliment to a necklace I purchased from Amazon and earrings I already owned. Amazon is my go-to place for jewelry. <end>  Good colors but very big around and slightly uncomfortable  This ring has nice earthy colors but it is quite bulky and the band is very thick. It is somewhat uncomfortable to wear.I previously rated this ring 3 stars. After wearing a few times, you get used to the thickness of the band. I have received many compiments on this ring and now that I am used to the thicker band, I like the ring quite a lot. <end>  Exquisite Ring!  This ring is absolutely stunning and so very unique! I've never seen anything like it. Very well made, and comes from a great vendor! <end>  Lovely ring  I've received many complements on this - a good sized ring and because of the neutral colored stones, it goes with anything. The only drawback is, adjusting it is no easy task. I had to use pliers! In any event, worth the purchase, it's very unique. <end>  EXCEPTIONAL BEAUTY  Ian Valeri Co is unmatched in truly unique jewelry design, quality, craftmanship, super price for these top-of-the-line products. The amber is beautiful and is set in a polished finish. The smaller stones surrounding the larger set off the larger stones and the whole design is beyond UNIQUE. A very substantial ring not prone to bending or denting. Exceptionally modern design just "screams" quality in design. Love this ring and would HIGHLY recommend it to everyone. Have purchased other jewelry from seller based on this ring, my first purchase. ALL HAVE BEEN WORTH THEIR WEIGHT IN GOLD (OR SILVER)!! Don't even hesitate...buy this ring and start enjoying it today! LOVE IT! <end>  Pretty ring, but stones are set with glue!  I received this ring and was very pleased with it. The amber colors do vary, but well... it's amber folks... a natural hardened sap from varying sources. What I received was fairly close to the picture, and I loved it. The ring is adjustable, though not flimsy, and very comfortable to wear.Big problem though - The amber is NOT set into the ring settings... It's held in place by glue, and not very well. I found this out when I looked down at my hand less than a month after wearing the ring and finding that the larger honey/gold amber stone was missing. Looking into the setting I saw the hardened glue left behind.I do not shower with my rings, or wear them while cleaning. I do leave them on when I wash my hands, and that's all it took. While it looks nice, I wish it were properly set to last longer than a couple weeks.EDIT  The vendor kindly sent me a replacement ring as a gift along with my refund. Unfortunately after only TWO days of wear, the replacement ring had lost one of the smaller side amber stones. I don't have a problem with the vendor - I didn't have to jump through hoops of fire to contact them or get a refund - but the ring, for all that it is pretty, needs to be properly set to be worth the purchase. <end>  Very unique & stylish  The ring is very pretty and stylish. I wear it a lot, so it has taken several hard knocks and the stones are still looking good. People comment on it and ask where I got it.Some of the reviews say it is hard to adjust, I don't agree. You should buy your size, but if it needs to be adjusted, you can do by hand. <end>  A beautiful ring  A very unusual ring with beautiful earth-colored amber pieces; it is adjustable and fits comfortably despite the fact that the band is somewhat bulky (it doesn't look it though). Combines nicely with most colors and styles due to the neutral tones and simple yet elegant shape. <end>  Beautiful ring  I wear it all the time and get compliments. I love that its unique and the amber is perfect. The band was thicker than I thought so I've choosen another finger to wear it on and it's so easy to adjust I can switch it around anytime I wish. <end>  Cool, Unique Ring  I don't typically purchase jewelry that I can't try on and see in person. This is a great quality, nice fitting ring. The gemstones are radiant and the silver is nice and solid. The ring is thick around the finger, but it doesn't bother me. My order arrived during the day and was left on my doorstep. Some jerk made off with it before I got home. I e-mailed Valeri Co through Amazon and they happily sent me a replacement without any problems. Fantastic experience that could have been miserable. <end>  Unique and beautiful, though heavy  I adore this ring, the design is wonderful and the colors are magnificent. The band is fairly heavy, though, and I feel that it is best worn on an exterior finger, and definitely not next to a finger also wearing a ring. All around a fantastic piece. <end>  Great item and great value!  This ring is beautiful. It looks even better than the photos on the website. Also for the price I can get all the matching accessories like the ear rings and bracelets. <end>  Excellent  Excellent, unusual, beautiful and comfortable. Everything that I wanted when I started to look for a ring with amber stones. Wasn't looking for multi-colored, but am glad I chose that way. <end>  What you see is what you get  This is a really nice ring and looks exactly like the photos, excellent quality.I would like to know what Certified stands for though as I saw no certificates with the product. I hope it "is" really genuine amber. Thanks <end>  Eyecatching, really  This ring is visually stunning. I haven't come to 100% terms with it yet because it so different than any piece of jewelry that I own. It is really very colorful and large but very intriguing at the same time. I have only had it two days but I think I am going to end up falling in love with it. The quality of the piece is excellent. Ian and Valeri's customer service is amazing. Fedex smartpost shipping is not the best option if you want your merchandise fast but the seller really stepped up to plate to make this order right for me! <end>  beautiful amber ring  heavy duty beautiful amber ring. Not easily adjusted so it's safe on my little finger. High quality craftsmanship. enchanting colors of amber, a real touch-up piece when I wear my amber jewelry. <end>  Absolutely beautiful amber ring  It's hard to find a interesting design for amber, that plays on the colours and shape of the stone. This ring is absolutely superb and I love it to pieces. It sits a bit chunky on your finger but after a while you just get used to it. The best buy I've made on amazon! Thankyou! <end>  purrty  The ring looks great, although it's a bit clunky on the fingers, which makes it difficult to do work while wearing it. I think i was also expecting a deeper green on my amber, but that's just natural variation...Overall a 4 because it's such a unique piece of jewelry. <end>  gorgeous and unique  beautiful ring! i cant say enough good things about it! its gorgeous! thank you! well worth the price and the wait on shipping! it is so unique and looks beautiful. the thick band actually compliments this ring... cant really express how pleased i am with it, since it is my girlfriends, but the look on her face when she received it was worth a million bucks - she had never seen anything so perfectly different. a big big thumbs up! thanks so much! <end>  I love it!  I am very glad I got this ring.is very modern and classy.the amber is so beautiful and clear I really enjoy seing the little accents inside of the green amber it's so fun! <end>  Excellent  Four words....."Beautiful, I love it." To address the lower reviews, I've only had the ring for a few days and it is thick, but...unless you are saluting or in a parade waving, you get used to it! It's solid silver, very nice and can be looked at as an investment! I am confident that if there are problems with the amber settings, they will be addressed by the company. <end>  Very beautiful ring!  I am very pleased with the quality & appearance of this ring!!! I've received many compliments! I also bought the matching earrings & bracelet and am very happy with them as well. <end>  Totally satisfied  I love this ring. I bought it because it was different and I'm glad I did. I have been receiving so many compliments, mostly from the guys at work. They want to know where I got it and reply how great it looks. <end>  Sturdy and beautiful  Because of this ring's thickness and its open design, I was worried about sizing. Now that I've got it, I can say that the metal is really too strong for easy adjustability, but because it doesn't form a closed, regular circle, it conforms comfortably to multiple fingers. I got my usual size 6, which fits best on my middle finger, and slightly loose but still OK on my index and ring fingers. Therefore my two cents' worth is to buy your usual size (instead of sizing up, which is sometimes necessary for thick rings).The actual colours of the stones are perhaps a little lighter than depicted in the online picture, but otherwise, what you see is what the ring is like. It matches a large range of outfits, dresses up your hand and is pretty without being girly. It makes a definite statement without needing to shout. The band, though thick, doesn't create any major tactile problems because it is smoothly curved and shifts obligingly when you need to clench your hand. The overall quality looks decent and I have hopes that it'll hold up over time. It comes in a simple black box and just needs a ribbon in order to be gift-ready. <end>  Interesting jewelry  I just received my ring in the mail, but I like it a lot already. It is a little bulkier than the rings I normally wear, but I knew that when I first picked it out. Fashion jewelry or statement pieces like this usually are a little bulky, because it helps them stand out. Anyway, the ring is pretty and unlike any others I've seen. My only (minor) complaint is that it's hard to adjust the size of the ring since the metal is so thick. It's not that big of a deal, though, because it just means the ring isn't flimsy and isn't likely to get damaged very easily. The company is a joy to work with, and is willing to do whatever it takes to keep their customers happy. I would definitely purchase from them again! <end>  Lots of Compliments  Ordered this ring to match the amber sunburst earrings I bought. Love the design and colors. It is very unique and I get a lot of compliments. I unfortunately ordered it a size too big but it was adjustable enough to fit. Make sure you get the right size because it will spin due as it is "top heavy". Love it! <end>  Excellent quality!  I purchased this along with the matching bracelet, not really knowing what to expect with regard to quality...and boy was I surprised, and grateful, to discover that not only is it as beautiful as it looks in the ad, but the quality is superb. The fit is perfect, and together with the matching bracelet, makes a striking ensemble. The amber colors are warm and rich, the silver genuine .925 SS. I will definitely be purchasing from this seller again. <end>  Buy it!  I've had my eye on this ring for a while. Finally, last weekend I decided to buy it. It arrived yesterday, and all I can say is WOW. It's absolutely gorgeous. The colors are beautiful and play the light very well (just wait 'til you see it in natural sunlight). I wear it on my middle finger and it's comfortable. What a unique piece of jewelry. Don't hesitate to buy this ring--it's gorgeous and the price is right. <end>  Overall very pleased with ring  As other reviewers have noted, the ring has a rather wide band. Almost like wearing a key ring. Knowing in advance that it was on the wide width side before I bought it, I wasn't suprised and didn't mind the width when it showed up. Arrived in a plain red jewlry box with black foam interior. Nice enough for giving as a gift. The ring itself is very pretty. I think the amber nuggets look a bit plastic but that is the nature of amber especially in small nuggets. Overall I am very satisfied with the ring and will be buying some of the additional pieces the seller who provides this ring also offers on Amazon. <end>  Beautiful ring...  I got this ring for Christmas and I love it--and it seems to match almost everything! It's even lovelier in person and I've gotten tons of complements on it. The only issue with the ring is that the band is very thick and makes it slightly uncomfortable on my hand. However, I'm hoping to adjust to the ring soon because it is so pretty. <end>  Great ring, great bargain buy  I've been watching this ring for a long time. When the price dropped I jumped on it. I'm happy I did. I specifically bought it to wear on my index or middle finger, I'm glad I did because its a little bulky for me to be wear on the ring finger. I haven't tried it as a thumb ring, yet. The day I ordered the ring I got an email saying it had been shipped. I received the ring the next day! Bonus! Great ring and fast delivery. <end>  Loved this ring  This was my favorite ring. I lost it. I hope some day I will find it but it has been missing for quite a while.The ring itself is a bit thick, but that's the only negative thing I can think of. The stones are bigger than the rings I normally wear, but not too big. It's not easily adjustable, but I consider that to be a good thing. Rings that adjust easily also wear easily.It reminded me of planets. It was like wearing planets on my finger.EDIT 10/27/2012 I FOUND IT! I FOUND IT! I JUST FOUND IT A FEW MINUTES AGO! I thought I had lost it in a hotel room four years ago but it must have actually fallen off when I was packing away some old baby clothes! It's a little tarnished after being in a box of stuff but it still looks great!  D <end>  Happy with Ring  There's not too much I can add that hasn't been said. It's a very nice ring. The band is a bit thicker than ideal, but it's not so thick that you won't want to wear it. I do find that the smaller stones don't look as prominent in real life as in the pictures online for some reason. Because of these small issues, it gets 4 instead of 5 stars, although a significant price drop could gain that 5th star back. I'm glad that I have this ring as part of my jewelry collection. It's pretty and elegant and unique. It goes with all different outfits, and people notice it. <end>  gorgeous ring  I love this ring. I came across it while I was looking for something else and decided I wanted to take a look at it. I am glad that I did.This ring is very pretty and the quality and detail is very good. <end>  multicolor ring  very, very beautiful ring, i put it on as soon as i got it and haven't take it off. very nice <end>  Very Pretty Ring!  This ring is as pretty as it appears in the picture and is nicely made.It takes a little "elbow grease" to adjust but it does adjust nicely.Very happy with order. <end>  I LOVE this ring!!!  I really LOVE this ring! It is beautiful and unique; a very substantial band, which makes it really cool! I have gotten tons of compliments on it and enjoy wearing it very much! I would definately buy it again!!! <end>  Sterling Amber Ring  Very cute ring, I get lots of compliments on it. Very fast and reliable service. <end>  Lovely  Beautiful ring. I ordered a 7 and it is too big for left ring finger but fits right ring finger. Going to order one for my mom. Very unique. Also ordered amber ring in 6. Fits left ring finger great. All the items I ordered met or exceeded my expectations. <end>  Beautiful ring! I love it!  This ring is beautiful! I am very happy with it! I had no difficulty adjusting it--I just squeezed it a little bit, and it first perfectly! I wear it on my index finger. It is very comfortable. <end>  Unique and fun!  This ring is supposed to be adjustable but I needed pliers to make it a little smaller- but that is my only complaint. I've gotten many compliments on it. The stones are beautiful and the same colors as shown in the photo. It also goes with everything. <end>  Lovely Ring  I'm so pleased with this product. So lovely ring. I order yesterday received today (exact 24h later). Totally recommend it for a gift or for yourself. <end>  Amber ring  I absolutely love the design of this ring! And the multicolor amber pieces make this ring even more unique. It is not easy to find an amber ring with such beautiful design. I wear it a lot and loving it! <end>  IAN AND VALERIE ROCKS!  This ring is awesome. and Ian and Valerie co, has the best customer service I have ever dealt with. EXCELLENT! <end>  Fabulous  I just got this today in the mail and I'm already in love with it. Like another reviewer noted, it feels weird because the band is so thick, but I'm sure I'll get used to it quickly. It's beautiful - just what I wanted. <end>  Better than picture!  This is a truly beautiful ring. I bought it for a friend's birthday but was tempted to keep it for myself after I saw how amazing it is. The colors are vibrant and catch the light, illuminating it even more. It is such a unique design that draws many compliments. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I received this ring and thought "oh my, it's big", but I was able to adjust it to fit my middle finger with no problem. The band is thick, so I choose wear it alone and not with other rings. <end>  customer for life  when i opened the package and seen this ring, i fell instantly in love with it  ) everyone who seen it loved it, i told them come to amazon, not only for the beauty the quality and the workman ship is absolutely amazing how beautiful this ring really is, <end>  Lovely.  It is so unique and a pleasure to wear. The stones catch the light and the style is very comfortable to wear. <end>  Very happy customer.  Just as pictured. I found that it adjusted easily and I wear it on my index finger. Band it a little thick but I didn't notice after wearing it for a few hours. <end>  Love it  I just received this ring as a birthday gift. I gave my husband the hint that I wanted the ring. It is super pretty and I love how it looks. It is a pretty bulky ring but I love those types of rings. The colors are gorgeous. <end>  Great ring, excellent service  The ring is pretty much as pictured (I assume amber stones will always vary slightly in color, inclusions, and clarity). As others have remarked, it is substantial (perhaps 8-10 gage), so if your fingers do not taper slightly toward the base, you might be uncomfortable. The quality and level of finish look excellent to me. I think the price is great for what you're getting--you're probably not going to find something like this at the mall, and certainly not at this price. I love the design because it doesn't look like most other silver pieces you see--a rep from the company told me their pieces are designed and produced in Europe.But I really want to comment on the customer service--it is exceptional! I got my ring as a gift and it arrived Christmas Eve. Day. I don't know if it was the "open" nature of the ring or just a goof but it was too big for my finger, and the stones were already angled such that their mounts were touching, so I was nervous about adjusting it myself. I called up expecting to leave a message (because you don't exchange through Amazon, and they don't have a formal RMA/tracking process, which made me nervous--basically you return it with a letter explaining why) but not only did someone answer the phone, they also answered some questions and set up the exchange without having received the too-large one back first. I got my replacement ring on the 30th and I am very happy! <end>  UNIQUE & BEAUTIFUL  I am so pleased with this ring. It is so unique & distinctive and more beautiful than the picture... I ordered the wrong size (too big) and called the company to see if I could get a replacement before I returned the other ring. The owner was fantastic... He immediately shipped me a new ring and I received it the very next day... I give Ian & Valeri 10 stars for service!! <end>  great gift  my girl loved it better than i thought she would, now she wants me to buy her more. go figure, great purchase i'd do it again <end>  gorgeous  I ordered this as a birthday gift for a friend that is a ring fanatic and she absolutely loved it !! <end>  The thick band ruins the look  I bought this ring a year ago. The design is pretty unique and attractive. You won't be wrong with size because the band adjusts easily. I'd love it if the band would be thinner. The thick round band ruins the impression from this ring and makes wearing it uncomfortable. I still wear it occasionally because the ring matches almost any clothes. <end>  Very unique ring  This is a very unique ring. The colors are beautiful. I would have given it 5 star if it was not too bulky. My fingers are short so it kinda makes it chubbier. I bought this knowing it was bulky or big, but now that I am wearing it, it does look big. Will post a pix so you can judge for yourself before buying it. <end>  Love It  This ring is awesome! I wear the ring on my index finger and it fits great! Comfortable ring. <end>  Beautiful ring but careful with sizing  Beautiful ring but seems to run large. This may be because it's an open ring and not a closed band. We sized my girlfriend's finger at 6.5 but since the ring only comes in full sizes we got a 6. But even at half a size smaller she now has to wear it on her middle finger. Also, we noticed (and got confirmation from the seller) that it is being offered on Amazon in two versions, one is plated silver and the other sterling silver. <end>  loved it but....  I really loved it when i got it....but the green stone fell out after just one nite out and i can not find a stone to replace it...to bad was pretty and bold...... <end>  very adjustable  I ordered this as a thumb ring, and it's easy to (carefully)squeeze down and elongate to use as a forefinger ring. Band IS bulky, but ring is eye-catching.PS. Great customer service! <end>  Absolutely perfect!  I am so picky about my jewelry, but I can't really afford much. However, when I saw this ring my heart skipped a beat - these are *my colors*!! and what a gorgeous ring for such a reasonable price!I just got the ring today and I am so pleased with it. I think perhaps the style isn't for everyone but that's a very good thing! I don't want the same jewelry as everyone else ;) <end>  Ring review  The Multicolor Amber ring is more than I could have ever expected...it's absolutely GORGEOUS!! The prettiest piece of amber jewelry I own...I love it... <end>  Unique and bold!  I received this item for Christmas and was very pleased. It is very bold and moderately large, but I do like things like this sometimes. I love having the different types of amber (very pretty). Since it is a bigger ring, I would suggest you get this for an index or middle finger (unless you won't be wearing another ring on the same hand). I'd also not wear it right next to another ring as the silver band could get scratched. Size is pretty true, but the band is mildly adjustable - I was able to open the band a bit with some well-applied pressure (not easy, but possible). If you need to adjust this and are afraid of damage, take yours to a jeweler.I also have the earrings that match. <end>  positive feedback  Excellent seller!! Fast transaction. Beautiful product! Exactly as described. Thank you so much, will buy again <end>  Very pleased  I love this ring, I too was surprised at the thickness of the band......but it doesn't bother me. It really pretty and great quality. I can't wait to add to my amber collection with more! <end>  Lovely Christmas Surprise  My 8-year old son chose this ring for my Christmas present. He got his Dad to help him with the ordering and payment. When it arrived, I was not allowed to touch the box. He wrapped it himself and kept it a secret until Christmas Eve. The ring was large and needed some adjustment. I am thankful that my 20-year old son has strong fingers. With one squeeze, he had it fitting perfectly. I love it. <end>  I like it.  The delivery was fast. The package was nice. Most of all, the ring is pretty. Amber is a little bit smaller than I expected, but for this price, I'm happy with the ring. In fact, right after I put it on the second day and then a guy on the train asked me where I got it. <end>  I LOVE THIS RING  Words to not do it justice.I LOVE the ring. IT is very showyI wear it on my thumb -so comfortable I do not notice it is there-- except when I look at it.Takes my breath away every time... <end>  Amber  Certified Genuine Multicolor Amber and Sterling Silver Adjustable Designer RingThis ring is very well made. It is absolutely stunning and very unique. I've never seen anything like it! <end>  Love it!  The ring is reasonable price. I get a lot of complements from people of its uniqueness!The customer services is out of this world! Dmitry is the best! Follow through on all of my questions and concerns. I am definately be one of loyal customer because the excellent services I have received.It is for sure that I am sharing the collection with my friends and families.Happy shopping... <end>
 B00067WMNK  PalmBeach Jewelry Genuine Shell Cameo Sterling Silver Antique-Finish Ring ||	  Lovely ring, but a little cheap looking  This ring is quite lovely, though it definitely has the "costume" jewelry look. It looks (as far as the cameo) a bit better in the picture than in real life. In reality, the cameo portion looks plastic and a little cheap compared to the rest of the ring. I enjoy wearing it though as I'm not overly concerned with it looking plastic. Have had a couple people comment on its look, as I haven't seen any like this at the department stores or other specialty stores locally. <end>  Cheaper on Palmbeach site  I purchased this ring a couple of years ago from Palm Beach Jewelry in Fl. and I must say it is a very pretty ring. It cost more on here! Personally, I would go straight to the horses mouth on this one. It is worth every penny I paid for it. I think palm beach offers free shipping or did! This could be a keepsake for a long time. The background in the ring is more tan than orange which is great, cornelian no matter if its shell, resin or whatever is orange and orange is NOT my fav.in colors. I make cameos(pendants) & I can see the quality and value in most. In my oppinion this is a very good ring for the price! <end>  Silver Cameo Ring  I purchased the Silver Cameo Ring from Palm Beach Jewelry for my wife as a Christmas gift. I must say she loves it! <end>  Stunning!!  My husband and son gave me this ring for Christmas. It is absolutely gorgeous. Very well made and beautiful on my finger. I LOVE it! <end>  love the mistake  I ordered this ring for my daughter, who is very petite. I thought I ordered a size 5 but received a size 10. OMG was my first reaction but then a dear dear friend came to mind and it was perfect. She is a bigger girl, 5ft. 10 in. and the ring looks beautiful and she is thrilled. <end>
 B00067ZECG  Ornate Amethyst and Sterling Silver Collectible Pillbox ||	  good "magical" place  This is a generally well-made item that served as both a gift box and a gift per se. We now have two that've kept their place on our tweener's dresser since she was 9. Cutely "exotic." <end>
 B000687R9S  Sterling Silver 4 mm High Dome Wedding Band Thumb Ring ||	  Really Nice! Look for High Dome and Silver Stamp!  I just received this ring (size 8) for my wife, who wanted a sterling band as a birthing gift. I paid ten smackers for expedited shipping, and the company waited one more day before it said the item shipped Thursday, from Los Angeles (to Baltimore). I was worried that the ring might not come today (Monday Christmas Eve), and was even grumbling about it as I looked in my cubby at work, but the size of the shipping box fooled me as it sat there, delivered this morning! It seems like a perfect time as snow is falling, and I write this to share that it's a nice-feeling piece, weight-wise. The dome's height seemed nice, which was the real selling point for me. I wanted a ring that looked and felt like it was just right and didn't feel cheap or too light. Seeing the amount of reviews here, I gave it a shot and I'm really happy with it!The ring has that silver stamp quality mark (925) inside the ring (I added an image, and you can see the stamp on the production photo), which was one sell for me. I had read a couple reviews of other rings that cost half as much, asking about the lack of a stamp. This shows me that this is verified as 92.5% silver and could be an international production piece, plus added alloy to make the ring harder. As for the finish, it seems like there are a couple cosmetic scratches on it, but I just don't want to return it since our baby girl is due any day now (due date Jan. 6, but she's full term). I'm concerned about returning; that window in my life of waiting for the replacement is usually when you want it, and I want to give my wife the ring once she's delivered! I mean, the phone always rings when I'm in the bathroom... you know how it goes!I shot some pictures so that you'll see the actual ring, instead of a production shot. It came with a cute little bow-finished jewelry box that's nice too. As the snowflakes become larger, I hope this review helps, as it's difficult sometimes getting the feel of some items that people leave feedback for. I'm glad I trusted my instincts with this ring because I didn't want the dome to be too shallow. This will look nice on her finger, and I was spot-on with the width being 4mm. Five mills and I think it might be too wide, but I didn't want 3 or less because it seemed just a little small. Now, let me run out and let some Christmas Eve snowflakes light on my tongue! <end>  Great ring, great price!  This is a nice SS band. Very sturdy, not too thin and flimsy. I'm very happy with this purchase. <end>  A very good buy  This ring is as advertised. I am quite happy with it. The ring is solid, has good weight, and is very durable.I would buy from this company again. <end>  Good Value  Good value! I haven't taken this ring off since I bought it. Simple design compliments my more flashy rings. <end>  super  great product and fast service. would def order from them again. we wanted inexpensive rings that look plain but nice for everyday wear. very pleased with the ring. <end>  Silver Ring  The ring was great, fits wonderfully and was exactly what I wanted. Quick shipping and great feedback through out the entire process. <end>  All that glitters is not gold  Glitter they do. Wedding rings for the missus and I for $20 delivered. I get nervous wearing jewelry that is worth more than my finger. <end>  spectacular support!  sabrina.com offer also offers OUTSTANDING support services! a bonus, on top of excellent items! i send a BIG thank you to the entire team! <end>  it's ok  the ring is ok looking. you need to order half a size smaller. it is not comfortable enough to wear all the time.(I bought this ring for my fiance and I am writing all these according to what he has said.) you need to take it off if you are working out on machines and stuff for it feels uncomfortable on the bars and all. it might be a little uncomfortable if you want to wear a glove and all. but for the price it's not too bad. <end>  I like it!  I choose silver bcz it won't look gaudy and noble. Being a mortal, I prefer wearing sth plain yet pure and clean. I am so happy to have found this ring. It is not shining and glaring. Rather, it looks gentle. Specifically, its 4mm bandwidth makes it exceptionally elegant in both its luster and shape. Once feeling "blurred" on the surface, just simply wear it and wash your hands with regular cleasing agent and it resumes its freshness!Every friend of mine who saw this told me that I bought the right thing and it fits me perfectly! <end>  Great Ring  I bought this ring for my boyfriend.The sizing chart was exactly correct.The ring was beautiful when it arrived and he loves it.Since im dead broke, this ring was super affordable.Its been a couple of weeks since he's had it and its a little less shiny, but all you have to do is rinse it with some water and wipe it with a cotten towel and its shiny like new. <end>  more then I expected !!!!  This Ring is beautiful. It fits perfect. The Price is Unbeatable. This Ring is really more then I expected.I will definitely from Bling Jewelry again. <end>  Excellent ring  I cannot believe this ring for the money. I bought it to be a replacement wedding band because my original ring became tight over the years. This is perfect and beautiful. Service was quick (received in two days). Very happy with my purchase, wish I'd bought it sooner. <end>  Simple yet elegant  My wife and I had both lost quite a bit of weight and consequently, our wedding rings were too big. We decided to get sterling silver bands for our thumbs that matched just to be different. I received my wife's ring within 2 days of shipping and in perfect condition. It's beautifully made with no "edges", shines brilliantly and fits perfectly. I ordered a size up as she wears a 9 1/2. I've gotten other products from this company and was equally as pleased!Simple yet elegant! Highly recommended <end>  great price for this ring  Sabrina Silver was great to work with. USPS took forever to deliver, but in the mean time they helped me track my ring, and promissed to send another in the ring did not make it to me. Very nice ring at a great price. <end>  A great gift  I bought this ring for my girlfriend for our anniversary. i was a little hesitant at first because sterling silver has a habit becoming a bit tarnished over time. The ring as i received it was superb quality, really shiny and durable. She says that she likes it and I'm pleased with my purchase. There are no distinguishable flaws just as of yet and i hope it says that way. <end>  Good quality and Fast shipping  I ordered this ring for my husband for every day use. The quality is good and the shipping also was fast. I am satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Silver Thumb Ring  I love this ring and would order again from the company. It arrived as scheduled and was exactly as advertised. <end>  perfect thumb ring  I alwasy thought a ring on the thumb would be binding. But this one is perfect. You don't even know it's there. <end>  Okay ring  I purchased this ring as a thumb ring and wasn't really thrilled with it. It's inexpensive and you pretty much get what you pay for. <end>  Great Service, Great Company  This was an excellent shopping experience. The order was placed promptly, and i had my rings within days. I made a mistake and ordered the wrong ring, and the company even agreed to replace the ring with the right size for me. Customer Service like that is rarely seen, expecially with online transactions. I highly recommend this company. <end>  Great experience!  I'm a woman of few words, so These rings are comfortable and stylish; an excellent value!BTW - I have ordered from this vendor before and will do so again. Good prices, quick service, and great communication. <end>  Very pleased with everything!  Very nice rings for an incredible price! Anyone who has seen the rings and commented on them is astonished when they find out how much I paid for them. Arrived in just a few days too. <end>  Wonderful item and shipper  I bought this band as a keeper for my too-loose wedding band, and it's just perfect. The quality is good, the sizing is accurate, and the item was shipped to me very quickly. My husband and I are both very pleased and would definitely buy it again if the situation called for it. <end>  It's what I've been looking for  I actually had to order a half size up (4.5) so I'll rate that. It fits perfectly and it's simple--two things I look for in a ring. It's also at an extremely decent price. I was also impressed with the response time and service. <end>  Wonderful!  I am very pleased with my purchase, a Wedding Band. My fiance loves it and my confidence in the company is very high. It is simple but the quality is high. <end>  ring  My husband kept losing his wedding rings so I thought I'd buy this one. He loves it....it stays on his finger. Good quality!Thanks <end>  beautiful silver ring  This ring looks like a beautiful white gold wedding ring. It fits perfectly and is super shiny and smooth.I bought a 9.5 and its the same size as my size 9 ring...so maybe go up .5 of a size. <end>  Very pleased!  I loved the product and the shipping time was a lot less than expected. No complaints at all! <end>  Fantastic Ring  I love it! The quality is excellent. I wear it everyday and it still looks great. <end>  Excellence  Faster delivery than I could of ever imagined, I thank this seller for the entire experience from purchase, to quality to delivery that I can only rate as pure excellence.Renayelitewellnesspath.com <end>  great service  got within a few days, was a bit to big but returned it and recieved it within a week. <end>
 B00068CBPI  Sterling Silver Celtic Iron Cross Mens Ring size 12.5(Size 9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Love the ring,  I have the ring on my left middle finger as I type this, and I couldn't be more pleased with it. I note that someone wrote about theirs turning color. Silver will tarnish if you do not care for your jewelery. A little polish, and it's bright again! I have a hard time finding rings in my size that look nice, and Silver Insanity has provided me with three so far, all of which are very lovely. I would give the ring more than the 5 stars were I allowed. Perfectly formed Celtic Cross, nice fit, real silver. What more could I ask? Quoth the Raven... <end>  Nice Ring  I have had this ring for about 2 years now. I liked it so much I bought one for my brother. I have received compliments from the opposite sex on this ring more than once. The only problem I have had with the ring is I lost it once, but found it about 6 months later. <end>  Terrible Service  Needed exchange and vendor never replied or exchanged. Terrible service, would never ever use again. <end>  No  It turned a funny color and then broke in the middle ...Bad Choice .... <end>
 B00068ECJ6  Tommaso Design(tm) Heart Shape Genuine Amethyst Earring Studs in 14 kt White Gold ||	  Lovely  Gave these to my love for Christmas. They were beautifully packaged and the stones were big and vibrant - not as dark in color as the picture, but still really good and purple. The cut is pretty, and the stones are nice and clear.Most importantly, she loved them and wears them almost every day  ) <end>
 B00068FPPG  Ohaus SP2001 Scout Pro Portable Balances, 2000g Capacity, 0.1g Readability ||	  Great Scale  This is the second scale of this type that I have bought for our small laboratory. We have purchased new versions of this scale and I prefer this older model much more. <end>  Works Well  We are using the scale in a food plant. The scale is accuate and easy to use. <end>
 B00068HQO4  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Anastasia Gift Laser Italian Charm ||	  Too Tiny  the pc is 1/8th of screen shot, you need a magnifying glass to read it; if I had had a return slip included in the shipment, I would have returned it. <end>
 B00068HXTC  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Christie Italian Charm ||	  pugster italian charm  this charm was so tiny it wasn't charming at all. there was also no way to attach it to a necklace or bracelet if you had been able to see it. I bought it as a gift, but would be embarrassed to give it. In future, the picture should be more realistic to what you get...state the size, compare it to a kernal of corn so people know what they are buying. <end>
 B00068IE6I  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Lisa Laser Italian Charms ||	  Disappointment! Pugster- Unacceptable Customer Service!  The 3 charms I ordered from Pugster could be described in a word, disappointing. The items were not as they appeared. They were much smaller, the graphics very poor.When I attempted to send the charms back I was directed to a very time and energy intensive process to return the charms. At one point in the return process, I did not receive return emails or phone calls after 4 attempts to contact Pugster?Needless to say, I will not be ordering from Pugster in the near or distant future. <end>
 B00068IH60  Pugster Edwardian Script Font Name Marcus Italian Charms ||	  love it...  I ordered this for myself- it's my sons name. I love it! Seriously it's been on my italian charm bracelet every since I received it. Smaller print than expected but it's readable...I love it! I wear the bracelet everyday! <end>
 B00068YDWM  Loving Family 7.5" Vermeil Charm Bracelet - Parents and 3 Children ||	  My review  I would like to see them make a better catch. I went out last night to only one place and at one point without me knowing it fell off my wrist. I've been going crazy looking for it and haven't found it. <end>
 B0006924FE  Loving Family 8.5" Vermeil Charm Bracelet - Parents and 3 Children ||	  Very beautiful  The bracelet is very beautiful, altough I expected it to be bigger. As a suggestion, maybe a photo with a person wearing it would have helped to imagine the right size before purchase. <end>
 B0006A66TS  Sterling Silver 8 mm Wedding Band Christian Fish Spinner Ring 5/16 inch wide Hand made , ||	  Jesus Ring  This is a beautiful high quality silver ring. I couldn't help smiling as I opened the box and saw it for the first time. I have been wearing it for several months now and continue to be very pleased with it. It is very substantial, not thin, making it an excellent man's ring. However it is very suitable for a woman (such as this reviewer) as well, being a nice alternative to rings with gemstones. I also like the spinner - moving band in the center - it gives me something to do to calm my anxieties other than nail-biting or other unhealthy habits. <end>  Excellent  Very nice ring. I paid over $50 for this ring that is now $26. The ring is very durable and easy to clean. The quality is superior and I have received compliments on it. There were some minor imperfections on my ring where the inner circlet joins but overall I am pleased and would buy this ring again ... preferably at the $26 rate. The ring is a little thick, heavy, and sometimes has a jingle sound due to the inner Jesus circlet. This is definitely a good buy! <end>
 B0006A678S  Sterling Silver 5/16 inch wide 8 mm Flat Band Spinner Ring ||	  Not what it seems  This looks like a nice ring in the picture on the site, but in reality it's really rough. I returned it for my money back because I was really disappointed in the quality of the ring. For sixty dollars i was expecting something really nicely fabricated, but the outside piece didn't spin properly (at a certain point i had to force it to spin), the saldering at the seam was awful and obvious, and there were notches and imperfections all over it. Just really disappointingly poor quality. Don't trust the picture. <end>  sterling silver 5/16" flat band spinner ring size 7  I loved this ring as soon as I saw it! The spinner part spins perfectly and the craftsmanship is beautiful.No flaws that I can see or feel. Solid feel to it. Definitely a bargain for the price. Would recommend the products from Sabrina. <end>
 B0006AAP1S  Pink Racing Maddog Stripe Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  All I Can Thay Ith "OOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWW!!!!"  It didn't theem like a bad idea when my wife thaid it would be great if I got a tongue ring to match herth. Thee didn't theem to mind it too much and it didn't affect her thpeech notithably that I could tell. Thee thaid it wath a thex thing but without going into detail it jutht made me itch.Anyway I chothe the pink rathing mad dog becauthe it betht fit my perthonality, I'm kinda tough and thenthitive at the thame time. Then we went to what I now think ith the inappropriately named "Thafe and Thavvy Tattooth and Pierthingth". And thith guy thartth putting a thewing needle through my tongue and it thtill hurtth like all heck! I didn't eckthpect it to be painleth but holy thit!I tried to thmile after they inthtalled the thing but it wath jutht too painful. Unfortunately the ring ith locked in plathe and the tattoo thtore can't get it out! And tho now I'm thtuck with thith thing and it'th not very mathculine to thpeak the way I do now. We have to thet up an appointment with a doctor and I'm thure that ithn't going to be fun.Tho think twithe abouth thith. It thtill really hurtth like a thon of a bith! <end>
 B0006ABSZA  Silver Forest Oval Blues Earrings ||	  A nice addition to my trinket box  The gift shop at the hospital where I work has a wonderful line of jewelry, and last year they added products from Silver Forest of Vermont. These beautiful, affordable earrings are true "objects of desire," and I was delighted to get this sweet pair from my office "secret Santa."They're not my first Silver Forest earrings -- like many women who work in the hospital, I've bought several for myself. But my friend chose these to go with my favorite new blue sweater, and I'm enjoying them a lot. They're made of quality materials, not flimsy or too heavy, and the nickel-free wires are generous and comfy. They come with little rubber "stoppers" to make sure they stay in place.I love the whole line of creative, hand-crafted earrings from this New England company.Linda Bulger, 2008 <end>  just a bit different earrings  What young at heart though old in years ladies like most, new different earrings. This company makes them and I will keep buying them!! Color is true to p ictures. <end>  Beautiful silver forest  Silver forest earrings are my favorite, and these are no exception. They are good quality and have interesting designs. Each part of the earring moves separately. <end>  Earrings & Jeans  These are great earrings for jeans. They make an at home look turn into a great casual look for dinner. <end>
 B0006DN77O  Celtic Warrior Knot Silver Talisman Pendant Necklace ||	  Very happy!!!  I am very happy with this product. I purchased it for my sister for Christmas and it arrived with plenty of time to spare before the holiday. It was in great condition and she loved it!  ) <end>
 B0006DN7Q0  Sir Gawain's Glyph Celtic Pentagram Pendant Necklace ||	  Pretty but tarnishes.  I really like the look of this. It is a bit heavy but attractive. My only problem is that it has tarnished pretty bad in the few months that I have had it. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  I ordered this while deployed overseas, and it got to me in about 10 days. It's beautiful and solid quality. I've had it for 3 years now and it's still my favorite pentagram. It does tarnish, but that's expected... it's *silver*! <end>  Sir Gawain's Glyph Celtic Pentagram Pendant Necklace  Nice heavy piece, deserves a better chain which I purchased from the same seller. Seller was prompt, no problems. <end>  Pretty and Heavy  The picture is a little misleading and this is a pretty heavy necklace. Be prepare to replace the thin, small chain it comes on, unless you have the neck of a 12 year old. <end>  Just curious....  Was just curious as to whether I was the only person to realise that this pendant was a pentaCLE,not a pentaGRAM, as it's listed on the title?That just truly bugs me for some odd reason,ppl not not knowing the proper title/term for product theyre trying to sell <end>  Beautiful!  Bought this for my boyfriend last Christmas and it hasn't changed in quality since! It darkened a bit around the little nubs between words, but it looks marvelous. Love this seller, love the pendant, very happy boyfriend. What more can I ask for? <end>  Beautiful  This is a very beautiful necklace and I get wonderful comments on it all of the time! <end>  The Most Horrible Customer Experience I've Ever Had  It only took Silver Insanity less than 48 hours to debit my bank account and send the electronic shipping information to the post office. That was about the extent of what they did regarding my order. Each email inquiry sent to them languished without response for nearly a week. It took them 3 weeks to finally say, "We don't know what happened" and to issue me a refund. <end>
 B0006DOALG  KENDAL 170 WATT 2 LITER (0.53 Gallon) DIGITAL ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER ||	  Good product for the price, effective and easy to use.  Length   2 51 MinsI primarily purchased this cleaner to clean shell casings with, and have used it to clean watches, jewelry, eyeglasses and coins. I've been happy with the purchase, since it does what it's advertised to do.The Graduated Beaker, Glass, Low form, 800ml Beakers that I mentioned are what I recommend to put the items that you're cleaning in a solution, rather than putting the solution into the cleaner tank.When I said that the directions were funny, if you read one of them, the warning says that you are "not to use while bathing". Darn, I guess I can't set the unit to run its' cycle, and hop in the shower. I guess something got lost in translation. <end>  Don't let anyone tell you you don't need soap.  I got this cleaner to clean my diamond engagement ring, which had one of the small diamonds replaced a few months ago. At the time the stone was replaced, the ring was cleaned at the jeweler's and I was astonished at how much more it sparkled than it had when I brought it in. Anyway, fast forward 4 months, and the ring is looking less impressive, but to top it off, the new stone is looking nearly an opaque white. I abuse this ring by wearing it almost constantly regardless of what I'm doing, so I wanted to give the whole thing a good cleaning before accusing them of replacing the missing diamond with something other than a diamond.After seeing the good reviews here and elsewhere, I selected this unit. I've seen lots of places recommend cleaning jewelry with nothing more than plain water when using an ultrasonic cleaner, and that is what I did. Boy, was I disappointed! It did look cleaner overall, but even after 2 3-minute cycles, it still didn't really sparkle, and the replaced stone still looked different from the rest. Also, looking closely at the underside of the settings, I could see there was definitely dirt in the crevices.So, I tried again, this time with a small squirt of dishwashing liquid in the water, and another cycle with clear tap water afterwards. Now, that's more like it! Even with the ring still under water, I could see the difference. All of the stones are sparkling, now.The unit is as simple as pie to operate, and seems well enough constructed. It has a stainless steel tank, and a plastic basket to protect your valuables from banging against the metal during cleaning. You can watch through a clear plastic window in the lid and see your rings vibrating - pretty cool.Any way, I'm happy with my purchase.Rebeccah <end>  This is great!  I asked my mother to get me one of these for Christmas because my jewelry was filthy and using the little jar of cleaner with the brush just wasn't cutting it. Wow, was I impressed. We immediately opened it and starting cleaning any jewelry we could find. I am truly pleased with this product and would recommend it. It's simple to use and easy to clean up. Since my jewelry hadn't been cleaned well for a long time, I added some windex to the water for the first cleaning. I was told that I could use an amonia based product on gold and diamonds by a jewelry store owner. <end>  Ultrasonic Cleaner  I have had this item for about a month. I am very satisfied with the finished result when cleaning my jewelry. I put a drop of dishwashing liquid in along with tap water and the jewelry sparkles. I also like the heat feature, which I have used each time. My only complaint is the "off" button doesn't seem to work. Rather, I have to unplug the unit after cleaning.Overall, great product. <end>  Good at making things sparkle!  I just purchased and received this item. My wedding rings have not looked this good in the 16/17 years I have had them! It's nice to get some sparkle back in them.The only issue I have is that while they recommend the first setting, they don't really recommend or advise on when to use the other settings. I was cleaning several very very dirty rings and set the setting to 280. When it was completed, I noticed a speck in the metal bottom- sure enough, one of my rings had lost a diamond. It's VERY tiny and I am glad that I was able to save it. But, I would never have put it in there for that long if there was an indication on length for items. I do love this item and can't wait to finish cleaning everything else! <end>  It cleans while you watch!  I chose this cleaner because it seemed more powerful than the others, and only cost a little more when I bought it. I'm having a lot of fun cleaning jewelry. It gets dirt and dead skin out from places I would never be able to reach, like the backs of diamonds, and inbetween the links of chains and it's gentle. It's wonderful on eyeglasses and wow, can I see everything better and boy does it sparkle. I usually run it about 5 minutes, without the basket then drain the water. Water always ends up a little dirty. It doesn't polish ring bands so if I want more of a shine, I rub some polish on first, before I clean the jewelry. <end>  Cleaner works great, Shining image stands by their products  I purchased this as a gift to my wife who loves to have her engagment and wedding rings sparkle. After researching many cleaners, I purchased the Pro Large 60 watts heated ultrasonic cleaner for wife as a Xmas gift. It initially was not going to arrive until after new years (I ordered late). To my surprise, it showed up the day before xmas.....suprise. After trying the cleaner several times, I was convinced it was just not working....I sent an email to Shining Image indicating the I felt my product was defective....they dropped a new cleaner in the mail that day! No questions asked....The new cleaner works great. Cleans rings as good as my jeweler. The only precaution is that it is so strong, it can knock loose stones out of rings..... <end>  Works as Advertised  I have had this unit for only a short time, but it has worked as advertised. It thoroughly cleaned the jewelry I placed in it, although it took several repeat cycles to clean dirty watch bands. I have not yet tried the heating feature. The unit itself is large but appears to be very solid. I previously used an ultrasonic cleaner from another manufacturer, which broke down after a year or so, and I would expect this unit to last a much longer time. <end>  glad I bought the big one  This worked well on jewelry. All the dull jewelry came out shining. It also worked on glasses and did not seem to harm them. due to the larger size, I cleaned several pair at once. It did harm the film on a pair of tinted safety glasses, but I don't mind. I used it to clean spark plugs on my lawn equipment. It did not remove the carbon but it did get them very clean and I brus the carbon off with a wire brush. It is now much easier to start the lawn equipment. I also cleaned shaver and razor heads that I could not get completely clean. They came out completely clean. I used a couple drops of dish soap for all cleaning. This unit also comes with a heater which helped in the cleaning process. <end>  Great product, large compartment good for cleaning rocks  I use this cleaner mainly to clean up mineral specimens I collect from mines. I have used the product for many, many hours over a couple of years and never had a problem. The large compartment allows me to clean some pretty large rocks. For tough jobs I can even put rocks in small plastic butter tubs, or other plastic containers, filled with different acids inside the machine and it works like a charm. <end>  ULTRASONIC CLEANER with HEATER  i overall like the cleaner , the bad things are the heater doesnt work, and it take way longer to clean a idem , the timer is way to short of time , it take about 15 minuts to do a good clean job , i can only get 5 minuts out of it, and use a good dish washing liquid soap in it , dont use plane water <end>  170 WATT Ultrasonic Cleaner w Heater  I used the product once I was not impressed. Turned around and sold it on Ebay. Too big for what I needed for home use. I am sure someone with a business will be very happy with the product. <end>  Cleans glass and crystals very well, but not tarnished jewelries  I own a retail store that sells clothing and accessories including rhinestone jewelries. I bought this unit in hoping that it could remove some stubborn tarnish from the rhinestone necklace sets and tiara headpieces. Unfortunately, even though the jewelries come out very clean and shine, the tarnish was still not completely removed, so I still could not restore the jewelry to its original condition. However, even though it didn't work quite effectively on the tarnish, the machine did an excellent job in cleaning all of my family's eyeglasses. Our vision was indeed ten times better with clean eyeglasses! While in the cleaning mood, I also tried to clean everything else in the house that is made out of glass, crystals and porcelain that could fit into the machine, and they worked too. Even though this machine didn't do a good job in getting the tarnish out, I would still keep this unit to use for cleaning stones, crystals and glasses. <end>  Very pleased  The first one I received did not work, but the seller was great and promptly sent a replacement. I am very pleased with the job this cleaner does. My wedding rings get very dirty from work (foam hand sanitizer builds up around the diamonds and gives it a dull look). It took a few cycles but the cleaner did an amazing job. With my last cleaner I would have to take a tooth brush and scrub it to loosen the dirt and then run a few cycles for a much less satisfactory result. After using this cleaner the first time, a coworker thought I had gotten a new ring  ) <end>  it worked  first off, i love this cleaner. i have cleaned some jewerly, and it worked great (water and windex)...do your polishing, clean it up best you can, then use this....it gets stuff out of those little places you can't get to. but what really got me was it's place in my garage. i used it, to great success, to clean fuel injectors....and it worked great. now my set up was complex (wave gens, reverse flow)but the ultrasonic bath worked fantasticly...but heed the warning...don't put sun-glasses or anything delicate in there...it is powerful and will eat it up....proof that it works.... <end>  Well built, easy to use  I like the easy to use digital timer. The unit seems very well built and performs well. It is easy to clean. All in all, I am very pleased with the product. <end>  Good sonic cleaner for a decent price  I bought this to clean watch parts. The manufacturer recommends water but I use a Zenith biodegradable product (well ventillated) and it does just fine. I also use it to clean cases. It works as well as any dipping product. It also gives you the option to use heat. A good feature in helping to remove old varnished oil. I've saved two watches that wouldn't come clean using my old cleaner. I don't condone using anything but what the manufacturer reccommends. That's just me. <end>  Love it!  My engagement ring and wedding band came out looking like I cleaned it at the jeweler! I also used it on my other jewelry. With the exception of one silver piece that was severely tarnished, it worked great. <end>  Kendal sonic cleaner works great on locks and cores!  Used this sonic cleaner to get years of grime out of padlocks, locks and cores. Works great! Heat feature really speeds up the process. <end>  Ultrasonic cleaner  This unit performed wonderfully. You have to be a little careful about what you put in there because it is pretty strong, but it gets things very clean. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a serious cleaner. <end>  It's a little flaky  Admittedly, this thing did a fairly good job of cleaning all the items I put into it. I gave it 3 stars because the button for turning the heating feature on and off doesn't seem to make a lick of difference. Once you hit the button and the heating element is activated, pressing the button again doesn't actually turn the heating element off. I have to unplug it every time I'm done using it, and well... that sucks. Not to mention the maximum timer length is way too short... I really don't like having to manually run the unit several times. <end>  Powerful  Easy to use right out of the box. My diamonds sparkled. My reading glasses were clean especially around the nose guards. <end>  cleaning fired brass  hi i purchased this product about a week ago but when i plugged it in it started to smoke so oi contacted costumer support which were really nice and i got a new one the next day almost any when i tried it out it worked great for about 30 223 brass and about 40 9mm and it actually cleans them in the first 480 sec run with only water i am amazed at this product for the price and size great product for new reloders <end>  gets the job done  I am quite happy with the results i have gotten from this unit. It seems that many people have had issues with the heat button no turning off, mine does not have this problem. It functions as advertised. So far i have used it to clean jewelry and nitro RC car parts. It makes gems really sparkle, and gets precious metals quite clean. It does a very good job of getting engine parts much more thoroughly clean than any other method, including a solvent tank, since you can't get into the internal area's with a brush. I would definitely recommend this product to any RC hobbyist. <end>  Works great  I use this for my initial cleaning and disinfecting of tattoo tubes and it works great. I can scrub my tubes til they look clean and then throw them in here and the machine will shake loose ink invisible to the naked eye and turn the water colors. I can fit 4 tube assemblies in with plenty of room to spare. Recommend this for anybody who need and ultrasonic cleaner. <end>  Ultrasonic industrial cleaner  This machine works great, much better than the 30.00 one, which can burn out with heavy use, ... I reccomend this one instead. <end>  170 Watt 2 Liter Ultrasonic cleaner  Gave this cleaner to my wife as a gift (she had indicated that she wanted a jewelry cleaner). It has worked well on various pieces of jewelry, silverware, etc and she is pleased. <end>  Initial experience  I chose this unit (which is sold under other brand names besides Kendal) because it got generally good reviews, with the heater switch being the most common complaint.It arrived quickly, and was well packed. Some reviewers have commented on the (minimal) instructions, and I concur. They don't even mention a couple of attachments. One is, I think, for cleaning finger rings. The other? I have no idea.The bad news  the heater did not work. An email to the seller was all it took to get satisfaction; another unit was on its way and arrived 3 days later. This one works!I was told I'd receive a prepaid shipping label to send the defective unit back, but it hasn't arrived (yet).Bottom line  Kudos for a quick response to my initial complaint, but the fact that I had to complain at all, cost one star. <end>  Great Product  To be prefectly honest, the first one I recieved had a problem with the heater. The heater light would come on, but the heating element did not work. I sent the vendor an email and they told me to return it for a new replacement.I recieved the brand new replacemnt very quickly and it works great. The heater made a very big difference in how well it cleans. I definately would advise buying one that has the built-in water heater. I am very happy with the cleaner and the customer service from Shinning Image. <end>  This unit does the cleaning  I use this for cleaning rifle brass mostly. The wife also cleans her jewelry in it. Does a pretty good job of getting things cleaned. <end>  great  great product. works great on all my jewelry to include my watches. comes with all you need to clean your jewelry <end>  Warms the water nicely, but that is it.  Tried to clean just three tarnished silver 1-oz bars with this Ultrasonic Cleaner. It buzzes really well. Warms the water just fine. But that is it. Even added the specified jeweler cleaner. A few bubbles formed. Tried no less than EIGHT full length cycles. Don't waste your money. <end>
 B0006FTGJ0  RARE !!! Designer Sterling Silver Intense Pink Wavy Banded Rhodochrosite, Peridot, African Amethyst Pendant ||	  Rhodochrosite Pendant  While the peridot, amethyst, and silverwork were exceptional, the center stone being described as "Intense Pink Wavey Banded Rhodochrosite" is very misleading. The stone is of high quality but the presence of "Intense Pink" color is virtually non-existant. This piece was primarily brown and red with small pink banding in the center of of the stone. <end>
 B0006FTGPY  Stunning Designer Sterling Silver Smoky Quartz Pendant ||	  very nice  I bought this pendant and it looks good, so I am pleased with it. It is quite big and heavy so you need a heavier chain to support the pendant. <end>
 B0006FUE6E  Genki Wear - Buffy rplique de la croix de Buffy ||	  buffy necklace  the silver on the necklace turned black for some odd reason... so now it is a black necklace. <end>  The Buffy Cross  The cross is modeled right after the famous cross that Buffy wore in season 1, and 2.The product it self isn't meant to be an official symbolic object of the lord, hence, on the back of the cross we have a "FOX 2005 TM" trademark. However, any buffy fan will be very glad to own this. This 2 inch, silver, cross is very gender neutralized, as in, a male or female could easily wear it without worrying if it's "famine" or "masculine," however, the 18 inch necklace itself is very famine looking. I myself am a 6'0 male, and the necklace was to short to wear with comfort, so I ended up using a different chain.The velvet box is very tasteful, and does have the buffy logo right on top. It's just like any other box a normal ring, ear rings, etc, would come in. The inside is no different. <end>  Wonderful Replica  This is a wonderful replica and makes a perfect gift for any Buffy fan. I gave it to a good friend of mine as a gift and she loved it. Definitely a must have for Buffy fans. Give it to the Buffy in your life. <end>  Exact prop replica from Buffy the Vampire Slayer  This is not meant to be a pretty, shiny necklace. It is meant to be a prop replica from a specific episode of the show--and is meant to be tarnished. This is what makes it different from other crosses and, therefore, collectible. <end>  Buffy  enough said-really(Im required to write more, so la la la la la la this word-requirement sucks. la la la) <end>  Buffy cross  Good presentation jewel case, Lace and cross well done (but cross is silver plated, full silver Will be better). A good choice for Buffy's fan. <end>  So so  This necklace is ok, it is not,an exact replica. But its still something Buffy would wear. It is really pretty tho and shiny <end>  Buffy Cross Necklace.  i bought this item and it looks nothing like the picture on the back of the necklace it says TM2009FOX. so im not sure if this is an actual replica cross from Buffy or another show. but it still came in an unshrink wrapped Buffy logo box and the necklace was with its silver chain in a plastic wrapper inside the box. the durability is questionable since i just got it and you can see the bonding of how it was welded or glued together on the back where you can see the TM2009FOX, but so far intact and looks like if you don't sleep in it 24/7, it should last a while. i like the necklace its very unisex, but im allergic to fake silver and gold so i had to use a black string to wear it. All in all i give this a 5/5 cause if it is a phony replica it at least seems legit. <end>  Yessss  Im a huge buffy fan and got this for this year's halloween costume. Love it! <end>  TV-Merch is a great way to get a the things you want in a great way.  TvMerch is a fast and awesome way to get what you want, you will get the package way quicker than expected! <end>  Not really a review  This isn't really a review, I was looking for an answer to a trivia question, well a obsession now about the many varied crosses that Buffy wears in ALL 7 seasons of the TV show. I started keeping count after Season 2. I Now half way through Season 3 and so far have counted about 30-40 different crosses.So If anyone out there is as curious as moi, Let me know what YOU come up with.Or if anyone already knows, that would be great 2. I CANNOT find an answer to this question anywhere.As for the cross in this "review"?, It's the one Angel gives Buffy in Season 1, It's how they meet.So It is of course awesome. <end>
 B0006G0KM6  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 6x4 mm Genuine Peridot and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Size 4 Ring  I was very pleased with the quality of the Peridot ring I ordered before Christmas. The ring's setting was very attractive. I would definitely order from Fine Jewelers again, and will also recommend it to my friends. <end>
 B0006G0LNO  Tommaso Design(tm) Round 7mm Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Beautiful Sapphire Ring  I ordered this as a gift for my niece. She loved it! The sapphire color is a deep navy accented by the clear diamonds. The ring I ordered is yellow gold and it accents the sapphire quite nicely. Setting is open so light filters to the base of the main stone. Well worth the price. I would recommend this ring to anyone. <end>
 B0006G0QB6  Tommaso Design(tm) Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Ring LIFETIME WARRANTY ||	  Almost perfect  Great ring, looks great and my girlfriend loves it, the only problem is with the 14K gold, it's a little bit weak and has caused the band to bend a little bit in a location, maybe try switching to 10k gold for a little more strength. Other than that, it's perfect. <end>
 B0006G0R56  Tommaso Design(tm) Oval 6x4 mm Genuine Pink Tourmaline and diamond Ring ||	  Perfect birthday gift  With her favorite color being pink and her having few pieces of jewelry, this was the perfect gift for a favorite friend of mine. The workmanship was great and the color and clarity of the main tourmaline stone was outstanding. Although the diamonds were small they definitely helped the the ring catch in sunlight when outside. The ring design is simple, yet very elegant, and my friend (and HER friends) thought it was very beautiful.The item I ordered was actually size 5. She has small hands, but not size 4 small! <end>
 B0006G15XO  Tommaso Design(tm) Trillion 7 mm Genuine Tanzanite and Diamond Ring ||	  tanzinite & diamond gold ring  I had been given this ring on my birthday about 3 years ago. It was always my favorite of a lot of rings I have been given. My husband has always given me exspensive jewelry and very lovely Marice Lacroux watches. I managed to misplace it during a move. I just knew I needed to replace it. After months of searching I finally found the same ring on Amazon. It is the same beautiful ring and he never noticed it had been gone( lucky for me) so I never had to explain the loss. Thank you very much Amazon. <end>
 B0006G1CQO  Tommaso Design(tm) 8x6mm Emerald Cut Genuine Sapphire Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Exactly what I was looking for!!!  My sister had been looking all over creation to find a white gold, emerald cut sapphire that was alone...you can't find it in any stores out and about...those jewelry chain stores simply don't carry them. However, I found this perfect little ring on amazon.com, and I ordered it immediately for my sister's birthday. She hasn't seen this yet, but she will absolutely fall apart once she opens this gift. Although I don't normally spend this much on a birthday gift, the price quoted online for this ring is well worth it!!! The stone is indeed genuine and flawless...the beautiful dark colour without the cloudiness you see in most jewelry stores. The company sends not only a gorgeous ring, but also a card telling you about the stone, and others as well; details about the company and waranty; and a certificate of authenticity. They also gift-package it for free, and even the ring box is fantastic...looks like a little blue treasure chest!!! I recommend this to EVERYBODY!!! <end>  Love it!!  I have not taken this ring off since I got it!! I absolutely love it. I do wear it as an engagement ring and want you to know if you plan to as well, you will need a ring wrap in order for it to sit flush with your ring.The color is beautiful! It arrived promptly and the company is great to work with. I highly recommend this item. The price cannot be beat! <end>  Caution  I originally gave this ring an excellent review. My fiancee bought me this ring @ 1 year ago. I loved it. Then, suddenly the stone fell out. I tried to contact the company, sending them several emails which were never replied to. Yesterday I took the ring into a business that repairs jewelry and they told me 3 of the 4 prongs of this ring were garbage. My stone had been held in essentially by one prong. To repair my ring was estimated at 300 dollars!!!! Do not waste your money on this ring. I loved it, but now i am left with a stone and an empty setting...not what I expected! <end>  Simple Elegance!  The ring was beautiful! The white gold band is a little thinner than I would have liked but the stone is flawless and the setting is elegant. <end>  For the money THIS IS AMAZING  I picked this out as my engagement ring because we're not going to go into debt for a ring and I don't like diamonds. This ring is even better than expected! I had read the reviews saying it was smaller than they thought so I wasn't expecting anything too special but let me tell you, IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL and bigger than I was expecting. The band is small (which i love) and it makes it look even bigger! I couldn't be happier with my engagement ring!  ) <end>  You get what you pay for.  This is a Genuine sapphire solitaire ring.Pros -You do get a really large sapphire, which is great.Cons -Setting prongs are not very symmetrical - not too much care was taken to set the stone.-Setting is shown on the photo at the most flattering angle. In fact the setting (actual metal ring) is very thing, and much thinner than on the photo. I'll estimate it is 1-1.5mm wide and 1-2.5mm thick.-The stone is very dark. Very dark indeed. I have looked at the sapphire in very bright daylight, and only then was able to see the blue colour as clearly as on the product photo. More often than not, the stone looks black.-With sapphires, the darker the stone, the cheaper it is.Overall The manufacturer of the stone has pictured it at the most flattering angle and setup. In reality the stone is very dark (dark-dark blue, almost black), and the setting is very thin. Unfortunately this is not a good deal. It is not a ripoff either, as you are getting a large stone. You do get what you pay for, and it's by far not a bargain. <end>
 B0006GC3W6  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Polished Dome Spinner Ring ||	  Dome Spinner  Product was as described, I am happy with the ring and play with it often. I do warn you its a bit larger on your finger then a normal ring. When it was first taken out the spinner jammed a little but with repeated use it spins just fine now. Hope this was able to help. <end>
 B0006GC49I  Sterling Silver 3/8 inch wide 10 mm Dolphin Spinner Ring ||	  Dolphin spinner ring  I have had several dolphin spinner rings. Yes they were only $ 20. Key word is several. I love this ring. I wear it on my left thumb. It is very comfortable. I am pretty tough on rings and this is holding up extremely well. I would recommend highly. <end>  Spinning Dolphin  I really like this ring! It is comfortable and makes me happy wearing it! The seller is great and I would recommend this seller! <end>  This ring is fantastic!  This "dolphin spinner ring" is one of the best items that I have ever purchased - from anyone! I did not understand what a "spinner ring" was, until I received this ring. The 'inside ring', with the dolphins on it actually spins around so the dolphins are 'swimming'! I loved it so much, I had to get a second ring! <end>  Cute Spinner Ring  This ring makes me happy! I love dolphins. This ring reminds me of the time I swam with a dolphin in Cozumel, Mexico. Getting to swim, touch, interact, and communicate with a dolphin was one of the best experiences of my life. Swimming with dolphins ranks up there for me with climbing up to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep in Chiang Mai, Thailand, riding on an elephant near the river and going on a bamboo float on the river in Chiang Mai, Thailand, going up in a cable car up to the Schilthorn and the Jungfrau and Bernese Alps in the Interlaken region in Switzerland, walking and hiking up to visit the Neuschwanstein castle, King Ludwig II's castle, in the Bavarian region of Germany, riding a helicopter up the volcanic mountains of Kauai, snorkeling around Molokini Crater near Maui, swimming in serenity in Lake Tahoe, trekking up the beautiful terraced mountains and looking at tea and rice crops and listening to dragonflies near the Guilin area of China, and getting up close to see Hubbard Glacier in Alaska and seeing the icebergs up close in the ocean while having my hair, coat, and outfit being drenched in wetness from the cold. Anyways, dolphins are so smart and beautiful. This ring reminds me of the time I saw pods of porpoises and a humpback whale swim near Alaska. This ring reminds me of the times I've seen dolphins flip up from the ocean in the wild in the western portion of Florida, the western side of South America, and really up close in Chile. And this ring reminds me of the times I've gone to Sea World and also when I saw Winter the dolphin and her fellow dolphins being rehabilitated at Clearwater Marine Aquarium in Clearwater, Florida this year (Winter lost her tail when she was stuck in a crab trap. She uses a prosthetic tail. One of the trainers let me hold a prosthetic tail while posing for a picture. They are doing an excellent job taking care of all the injured dolphins, sea otters, sharks, tortoises/turtles, etc. The Clearwater Marine Aquarium is an excellent place to educate both childrens and adults.) I think this dolphin spinner ring makes a great spinner ring because it looks like dolphins swimming in motion. This ring makes perfect sense. If you love dolphins and you want a ring that makes you happy and amused, then this spinner ring is the perfect ring for you. <end>
 B0006GC538  Sterling Silver 1/2 inch wide 13 mm Celtic Knot Design Spinner Ring ||	  Doesn't look like picture  Received product promptly and a week sooner than I thought. The product fit well and was comfortably. However for my liking it was not heavy enough and did not look like the picture. Very little black on ring. So little it blends in and makes the ring look dull and antique. <end>
 B0006GCE2U  Goetia Pewter Wax Seal of Furfur Love Pendant Necklace ||	  Unsuitable for its stated purpose  Despite the title and the seller's statement that this item is fully functional as a wax seal, it is not.It suffers from two principle problems 1.) Contrary to the picture, the low relief portions of the seal have been filled with some type of dark enamel to increase contrast. This enamel sticks STRONGLY to wax, resulting in either the enamel coming out on the seal or the wax adhering to seal. Either way it is impossible to get a good impression.2.) The metal used for this seal softens in hot wax, causing the design to distort.This might be a nice piece of costume jewelry, but it is not a wax seal by any stretch. <end>  Average but pretty  I would say that this works best as a piece of jewelry and not as wax seal- so I concur with many other reviews. Another mark against it is how small it is as opposed to the picture. If you are someone with poor eyesight or a penchant for large pieces about the neck, this may not be for you. Finally, remember to google the term "Furfur" if you are of a more religious bent (this may be for those who subscribe to the dark side). Otherwise, it is a pretty little bauble to entertain oneself with. <end>  Great for what it needs to be  This works for me as a pendant, due to it's size and general durability. The only complaint I have (& it's minor) is that the detail work isn't perfect, but for pewter it's better than most. If you want to use it as a wax seal, you'll need to have some experience in the process to use it effectively. All in all, it's a decent product that gets the job done with no real issues. <end>  Silver Insanity never fails.  Well, Silver Insanity does fail to dissappoint. I've ordered from them before and the product and service are both just as great as last time. It arrived quickly, carefully packaged, and the pendent itself is beautiful. Only issue is that it's not Furfur, Its Astaroth, a Prince and the Treasurer of Hell. The pendent though has a very nice shine and great detail. Smaller then I though which is good because I was afraid it might be too big. All in all this piece is one I'll cherish for a long time to come. <end>
 B0006GWC9A  Hot Pink Crystalline Gem Sizzling Butterfly Belly Ring ||	  Nice..  Nice but the size are diferent to the photo it's more bigger, but generally are beautiful. And the ship is very fast. <end>
 B0006HAG1A  Sterling Silver 16 Inch X 4.0 mm Rope Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Bling  This necklace is nicer then I expected It's for my son's 8th birthday I'm just hoping that it's long enough <end>
 B0006HAGHY  Sterling Silver 10 Inch X 3.0 mm Bead Chain Anklet - JewelryWeb ||	  attractive and solid  I am pleasantly surprised at the quality that this anklet is proving to have. I am rather hard on my jewelry and this is holding up nicely. It was a little on the short side measuring in at 9 3/4 rather than 10 inches. If you have to have the full 10 get a longer one as this won't cut it. <end>
 B0006HAH32  Sterling Silver 20 Inch X 2.7 mm Rope Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Rope chain  The quality of the chain was very good, as well as the clasp. The chain also came in a beautiful gift box. <end>
 B0006HAKYI  Sterling Silver 8 Inch X 5.0 mm Rombo Chain Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  love it!  The bracelet is very nice and very lights which is what I wanted. Got it very quickly which was nice. Good quality and very pretty. <end>
 B0006HAL56  Sterling Silver 24" 2.5 mm Rope Chain Necklace - Lobster-claw JewelryWeb ||	  a beautiful piece of jewelry  fine detail and craftmanship, good value, my daughter loves it. <end>  Nice  I Bought this for My Boyfriend, for His Pendant he wears, and He Liked It. Its Good quality, for the price, and Feels "good QUality" with weight etc. Not cheap Looking at All! I Loved it! <end>  Very nice rope chain !!  This is a very outstanding chain. Anyone can wear it. I bought it for my husband and it is very sexy looking. It is a great price and it looks more expensive on. I am thinking about buying me one. <end>  Perfect choice  I wanted a 24 inch chain, so it would go over my head without help. It has a lot of sparkle. Nice width. Looks just like the picture. I am considering another to use as a gift. I recommend this necklace for everyone. <end>  Didn't get the right necklace!  I ordered this 24 inch 2.5mm necklace and received a 26 inch 1.5mm necklace and had to return it. The weight of this necklace is said by Amazon to weigh 6.2 grams, but a sterling silver necklace of this length and thickness should weigh around 10 grams. Be sure to measure the width of your necklace it could be wrong! <end>
 B0006HALCO  Sterling Silver 30 Inch X 4.5 mm Curb Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Great service from supplier  Recently, I purchased this chain from JewelryWeb for a rather large and unusual pendant, based on the photo shown on Amazon. Without seeing the item in person, it was difficult to determine the suitability of the chain for this piece of jewelry, but I thought it might work, it was the length/thickness that I needed, and the sale price was an excellent buy. The item was received from the supplier quickly, but upon receipt, I realized that this chain would not suit the pendant (although the chain in itself was fine). I contacted Amazon and JewelryWeb the following day and returned the item to the supplier shortly thereafter. Not only was the supplier very efficient in processing my refund, it also provided excellent customer service through the refund process. I would definitely purchase another item from JewelryWeb and highly recommend their customer service. <end>
 B0006HAMAK  Sterling Silver 8 Inch X 4.0 mm Rope Chain Bracelet - JewelryWeb ||	  Be careful.  Just wanted to let people know that this bracelet is not a true 8 inches. <end>
 B0006HB4RU  1.5 MM Sterling Silver Snake Chain Beads Necklace 17 " ||	  3 S's  Shiny, Sparkly, Simple  First of all, when the official product description says "snake chain", let me tell you that this isn't a regular snake chain. THIS IS A DIAMOND CUT SNAKE CHAIN. It still has the fluidity of a regular snake chain, but it has a lot more shine.Like with most chains, if you have problems with your fingers' dexterity, then you'll need help with the lobster clasp of this chain. Other than that, I haven't had a problem with the clasp. It's not a flimsy clasp; it looks just right for the chain.Lariats/y-necklaces are back in fashion, and even if it isn't, this is cool for a modest v-neckline. The longer part of the lariat is about 1 & 1/2 inches long (disco ball in the center not included in the measurement, measured with my measuring tape).The ball in the middle is about 6mm in diameter, so no, it's not huge, but you don't need to squint to see it either. It's got diamond cutting all over, reminding you of a disco ball. There are 6 smaller balls/beads at the ends of the lariat, 3 on each end. The middle beads/balls are a little bigger and also have diamond cutting.It looks simple, but simple isn't always boring. This is special for its fine details (diamond cutting on balls and chain). Perfect for everyday wear without looking common or overdone. Simple enough to be layered with other necklaces, but it can stand alone. All that for $9! <end>
 B0006HDGQW  Maryland Lapel Pin ||	  Maryland Lapel Pin  This lapel pin is very unique, stylish, and fantastic! It is the biggest one I have ever seen. I have also ordered a Texas and Alaskan lapel pin, all with the same quality seen here. Thank you and I will continue ordering from here. <end>
 B0006HDHMA  Scotland Cross & U.S. Lapel Pin ||	  Sentimental purchase very unwise buy  This lapel pin bought as a gift was a horrible choice considering the craftsmanship, & exorbitant shipping charges and pitiful packaging. Second star was given because I chose to buy and shipping charges were plainly listed. I assumed such a price for something so light would arrive extra fast with some type of unique packing. Remember the old saying about assume? <end>
 B0006HFQ2Y  Crysalline Jeweled Provoking Trinket Nipple Shield ||	  Wouldn't even fit  The butterfly itself was too small over my nipple, and i could barely manage to get it on at all. waste of money completely <end>
 B0006HFQ42  Web Of Desire Nipple Shield ||	  A bit difficult  These are not so easy to put on. If you are reading this I will assume you are already pierced or know someone that is and can figure out why these are not the easiest shields to use. <end>
 B0006HFQ60  Celtic Craze Nipple Shield ||	  Excellent Product  So far it has not rusted nor fallen apart like other products of purchased from local stores. <end>
 B0006HGIBW  Sterling Silver and Lapis Ear Threads ||	  Really great  Bought 3 pair of ear threads and really love them. They arrived in the stated pkg. in brand new condition. <end>
 B0006HHGMC  Amethyst, Olive Quartz & Iolite Dangle Necklace ||	  Janice Girardi necklace  I love this necklace! It's very well made, and the stones feel so nice against my skin. I intend to order several more of her pieces. <end>
 B0006HR2ZI  Shirley Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Earring ||	  My Favorite earrings!  Review from Andrew's wife, the SAHM book lover! - I love these earrings! They are a simple pearl earring - elegant and understated - but with that little swirl of white gold that makes them special and fun. My sister wore these earrings as her "something borrowed" for her wedding. I received them as a Christmas gift from my husband and they have been the best Christmas gift ever!The quality and luster of these pearls are fabulous. Buy these earrings! <end>
 B0006HRC44  Unicorn Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Pendant ||	  Pearl Pendant  The Unicorn Japanese Akoya Cultured Pearl Pendant arrived ahead of schedule and was boxed very professionally and safely so that the product was in perfect condition. I'm very satisfied with the quality of the product and the presentation of the packing materials - I will definitely look to use this vendor again. <end>
 B0006IBZLE  Sterling Silver Pet Ferret or Mink on Green Aventurine Pendant ||	  never received product  I never received this product and I have to reorder it so I can get it. I am very disappointed in not receivng it. It is the first product from Amazon that I have never received. They said it was delivered but it never was sent to where I live. <end>
 B0006ICHFM  Large Shark Tooth Pendant ||	  Wrong Shark Tooth  The shark tooth pendant that is pictured is a beautiful piece of jewelry, but the "merchant" states that it is a Great White Shark. It is really a Hemipristis, a Snaggletooth shark, which is much prettier than a Great White. That is the only thing wrong with it.Judy Goldberg <end>
 B0006ICITW  Diver Holding Pearl Pendant ||	  great  I loved the pendent and the fact that it came a lot sooner then I thought it would nad what it told me. It came in like two days. I loved the product and will gladly do buisness with them again. <end>
 B0006ICMIY  Stylized Celtic Loop ||	  Stylized Celtic Loop  Receive these earrings with fantastic shipping time. Gorgeous packaging. These are my new favorite every day earrings! They are the perfect size for a woman with long or short hair! <end>
 B0006ICMV6  Light Closed Knotwork Ring Size 11 ||	  Good Service  The service was on time, but I had to call the company. They sent me a different ring, when I contacted them they told me they will send me the right ring and that I can keep the other one that I received. All this happened with in a week, I would recommend it. <end>
 B0006ICQTO  Claddagh Ring With Azurite Size 10 ||	  Awsome  I bought this as a gift and was wondering how it would look up close, it was amazing, the look of the stone, the width of the ring and the detail of the ring's crown all very nice, it is sleek and sexy, if feels almost weightless, but the sterling silver is solid, and strong. the stone's look was a beautiful and deep navy blue with aqua blue mix within it. The Clauda is strong and lasting. <end>
 B0006ICT8C  Marcasite Claddagh Ring Size 5 ||	  Elegant and beautiful, amazing find!  I usually never review things, but I was so impressed with this ring I felt I had to post a review. The picture only does it half-justice, if that!The marcasite is well-cut and sparkles just enough to catch the eye, but not overly so, not like you're wearing a strobe light on your finger (as I have seen some overly sparkly diamond rings do). The hands framing the heart and crown are daintily slim and delicate looking, but since I've already dropped the ring a few times, I know they're pretty sturdy too. The ring is perfectly symmetrical with no signs of poor craftsmanship or "factory pressing". The ring has a nice little weight to it, not heavy at all, but just enough so you feel as if you're wearing something of a little substance (a size 6 is about 2.2 grams, about the equivalent of two copper pennies)Overall, this is a classy, graceful, and elegant-looking ring, perfect for any lady looking for a low-key but still exquisitely lovely claddagh jewelery.It was shipped promptly, packaged well, and even came with a soft case in whichh the ring fits comfortably.5 stars! <end>
 B0006ICTGO  Marcasite Claddagh Ring Size 9 ||	  Elegant and beautiful, amazing find!  I usually never review things, but I was so impressed with this ring I felt I had to post a review. The picture only does it half-justice, if that!The marcasite is well-cut and sparkles just enough to catch the eye, but not overly so, not like you're wearing a strobe light on your finger (as I have seen some overly sparkly diamond rings do). The hands framing the heart and crown are daintily slim and delicate looking, but since I've already dropped the ring a few times, I know they're pretty sturdy too. The ring is perfectly symmetrical with no signs of poor craftsmanship or "factory pressing". The ring has a nice little weight to it, not heavy at all, but just enough so you feel as if you're wearing something of a little substance (a size 6 is about 2.2 grams, about the equivalent of two copper pennies)Overall, this is a classy, graceful, and elegant-looking ring, perfect for any lady looking for a low-key but still exquisitely lovely claddagh jewelery.It was shipped promptly, packaged well, and even came with a soft case in whichh the ring fits comfortably.5 stars! <end>
 B0006IHRJI  Hypnotic Detailed Labyrinth Pewter Cuff Bracelet ||	  Yuck!  The product look great in the photo, but when it arrived I was sorely disappointed. It looked and felt cheap. Worst item I have received so far. Would love to return it but how?Fadora <end>  Pretty  This is a cool bracelet. It is very fexible so it will fit every wrist. Not super shiney, but that the nature of pewter. A good buy! <end>  ethnic jewerly  I am pleased with the way it looks on me, but the braclet itself is a little flimsy. It will open easier than most braclets i have bought, but overall for the price i am very pleased with it. <end>
 B0006IHRMK  Red Stone Eyes Werewolf Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Awesome  )  This is in the top 5 of my favorite pendants. I'm actually wearing it this very moment. I've actually been wearing it for about a month straight, never taking it off. I've owned this piece for about a year and it still looks brand new. I have many pieces from Dan Jewelers and they are my favorite on this site. Also, wolves are my favorite  ) <end>  Lovely  I got it for my daughter who's been begging me for it. She loves it and won't let it go! The best part about it is red stone eyes she says. I find it quite creepy and strange but as long as she's happy I'm happy. <end>  Great  I'm a BIG werewolf fan. The pendant is a great way to show it off.The pendant dosent look like a Twilight werewolf ( if that's what you want to call them) sofor real werewolf fans this is a great way to show it. <end>
 B0006IIV8Y  Tall Sterling Silver Amethyst Poison Bottle Pill Box Locket Pendant ||	  Practical and lovely design  Very ornamental and functional. The craftsmanship may be a little Indonesian-quality, but for the price it's a good deal. <end>  great  I love the little poison bottle! The delivery all the way to Norway went relatively fast, and I am very pleased with it. It holds enough room for a tiny rolled up note, or any small things you may want to put in it. It's pretty with it's tiny details and amethyst on the front side. it closes quiet tightly. All in all I'm a very satisfied costumer! <end>  Daughter loves it!  Creative and stylish way to encourage daughter to take her medicine. Comforted that she has an emergency dose when she forgets. <end>  I miss this pendant.  On Christmas 2003, my 47 year old aunt died unexpectedly. Soon after her death, I bought this keepsake pendant and filled it with a lock of her hair and her favorite perfume, then I sealed it. I'm not sure if I specifically bought it from this vendor, but this is most definitely identical to the one I wore around my neck several years ago. Most people prefer gold and diamonds, but not me. I'd have choosen this piece over an expensive, shiny bauble any day of the week. It was a beautiful and unusual piece of jewelry that earned me many compliments. Unfortunately, one day it just vanished. I assume it was stolen. I had it hanging on the mirror in my bathroom and forgot to put it back on after I took a shower. I had several people over my apartment that night for an informal get-together. I never saw my beautiful pendant again. I'd buy another one, but what's the point? I don't have any more of my aunt's hair or perfume to put in it. Besides, my father died last year, and I now wear a pendant that holds his ashes. I won't take it off, even when taking a shower. It's pretty, but not nearly as ornate and beautiful as the one that is for sale here. <end>
 B0006IPRC2  Pugster Mid Air Puppy Dogs Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Cute, but not durable  I loved the dog; reminds me of mine. Sadly, the doggy fell off soon after I added it to my bracelet. <end>
 B0006IQ3A2  Pugster Heart Cupcake X2 Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Cupcake Charm  This cupcake charm is adorable. I am very happy with this purchase. I love how it looks and its very unique. <end>
 B0006IX9EU  Southwestern Style Navajo Crafted Detailed Little Horse or Pony Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver, #tp128 ||	  Very nice for the price!  When I first ordered these, I wasnt expecting anything of high quality since their price was so low. It was more of a side gift for my girlfriend. But upon recieving, I was taken back at how nice they really look. You cant pass these up for the price. Shipping was very fast too. <end>  Beautiful gift for a young lady  Excellent craftsmanship. Price more than reasonable. Earrings are small for an adult, but perfect for a young lover of horses. Posts were a bit long. Delivery was unbelievably prompt. <end>  wife loved her mom's day prize  got this for the boys to give "mom" on her day. she loved the earrings. looked like good quality. when i opened the box they looked really small. but when the wife put them on, they are just the right size. guess if you don't wear earrings it's tough to gauge what size is good. <end>  Perfect for any horse lover!  These little sterling silver earrings are so cute! I think I've been wearing them almost everyday since I received them, they just seem to go with everything. The back stays in place and you can wear the earrings with the horses running toward your face or away, so there is some versatility there. The shipping was quick and easy and the price for the earrings is really reasonable as well. These are a great gift for horse riders and lovers of any age. <end>  Horse earrings  These earrings were for my 6 yr old granddaughter and she loved them. They were a little smaller than I expected but very cute. Would recommend. <end>  Nice small earrings  These are nice small stud earrings that fit perfectly with a necklace we already have. It's nice to find something at a low cost. Thanks for sending them so promptly. <end>
 B0006JDHQO  14K White Gold 1 ct. Diamond ''In and Out'' Hoop Earrings ||	  Poorly crafted earrings  My husband gave these earrings to me for Christmas. They are attractive in box but upon close inspection they are poorly made. I wore them less than two months and the post broke completely off when removing from my ear. <end>
 B0006JDLII  3 Diamond Engagement Ring 1/4 ct. in 14K White Gold ||	  very pleased with product  we got this ring for our wedding, my wife work in health care so she need something flat and wanted a 3 diamonds ring... it look just as in the picture, beautifull quality for the price. i need to get it resize and i'll post more when the jeweler will gave me its appreciation of the product. my wife is realy happy with the product so far <end>  Phenomenal Product and Service  The transaction was excellent, I received the ring on the very next day and it was even more gorgeous than the picture of it on the website. I was extremely pleased and would definitely do business with Katarina again. <end>
 B0006JDMKA  10K White Gold 2 ct. Round and Baguette Cut Diamond Bracelet ||	  Very nice bracelet  I purchased this bracelet for my wife for Christmas 2007 and she absolutely loved it. The metal is brilliantly polished and the stones look very nice. The baguettes don't sparkle as much as I had hoped, not sure if it is the stone quality, the diamond cut or the fact that the stones are set in the metal such that light doesn't penetrate from beneath the diamond (not really a diamond expert). That isn't to say they don't sparkle, they do, just not as much as her diamond rings and earrings. Shipping was very quick and delivered on time as promised. My wife had many compliments regarding the bracelet when she took it to work and she is extremely happy to have received it. <end>
 B0006JG9AU  Master Replicas Pirates of the Caribbean Souvenir Necklace ||	  Great necklace  This necklace was a lot thicker, heavier, and more substantial feeling than I was expecting. For the money, I was expecting a cheap plastic, aluminum, or pot metal piece of junk. Boy was I wrong! It is a lovely replica. <end>  Very cool! Nice for pretend play or for collector.  This is a great replica! Purchased for halloween! Very thick medallion, but the chain isn't the greatest! Lost the clasp on the way to a halloween party (let me tell you the drama!) Just watch out for it! Make sure you try to reinforce the clips before you put it on a child! <end>  Great!  Whoa! Take a look at that price... That was kind of a shock because I bought this replica a few months back [...]... *shrugs* Anyway......this is an almost perfect replica of the pirate medallions from the movie Pirates of the Caribbean  The Curse of the Black Pearl. The only difference is size (the replica is slightly smaller) and the back (there is an aztec drawing on the back instead of the same pirate insignia on the front). The finish on it makes it look very real and the chain that comes with it is just like in the movie.Now, you're probably wondering, "Is this really worth [...]?" Well, like I said before, I got it for SOOOOOOO much cheaper from this site a few months ago, so I think you have to answer that question for yourself. It is pretty cool and it's a real conversation starter. <end>  complaint  The chain is much too thin. It broke taking it out of the package. <end>  A Nice Piece.  This is a nice necklace which any fan of PotC would be happy to own.I also own the Pirates Pewter Medallion by Drifting Dragon products so I had a chance to compare them side by side.Both are comparable in size, about 1 1/2" in diameter, though the Pewter medallion is very slightly larger.Both have a nice weight to the medallion but the Pewter coin is again slightly heavier.The difference is in the finish of the pieces, MR has a golden finish throughout the whole piece whereas the Pewter medallion has an antiqued finish giving it an "older" look allowing the design to show more dramatically (in my opinion)The MR medallion comes on a 22" chain like the one worn by Elizabeth Swan in the first PotC movie. The Pewter medallion comes on a 30" black string.I plan on wearing my pieces on a leather jewelry cord so the string or chain wasn't an issue with me.Some have stated that the chain is..."delicate". It hasn't fallen apart on me...yet (wearing it rather gingerly)Overall this is a real nice necklace though I must confess I do like the Pewter medallion better because of the antiquing and the price but any PotC fan would be happy to own either one. <end>  Most Excellent  I finally have a piece from a film that makes me feel a part of the film and cannot believe how wonderful the necklace is <end>  Cheap Cheap Cheap Cheap  That goes for the seller to. Got my necklace and it was so aged and tarnished I didn't even take it out of the package for fear it would crumble in my hands. Got a return number from Amazon and returned product postage verified (it was received) and seller never gave me credit. Amazaon was also unable to assist. Now I know why ebay does so much better. Was going to purchase a kindle but now that I see how bad the Amazon really feels about there customers I spend a few extra bucks for the Ipad. Will be contacting BBB LA about StarWorld Toys. Bad Company. <end>  A real pirate treasure  I bought this for my kids who have just been introduced to Pirates of the Caribbean I. They LOVe this medallion. It's good quality and they have fun re-enacting the movie with it. <end>  Size aside, very accurate and pretty  )  It's a bit smaller than the coins in POTC but it's still cool  ) They sell the exact same thing in the POTC giftshop @ Disneyworld! I thought I bought mine for $20 though... <end>  It might be fake gold but it's still something.  People sometimes don't realise the good things in an object but there are disadvantages, unfortunately. The disadvantage of this item is is that its material isn't gold (there went your money), kids should be careful when putting this in wet surfaces, the chain is not for chewing on, and DO NOT sell this cheap if you don't like it because items like this which are easily damaged shouldn't be cheap priced. <end>  cheap product  Not pleased at all with product. Does not look anything like picture on site. Very cheap looking. Very, very disapointed with product. Do not reccommened buying this product. <end>  Spendy for what you get  I received the Pirates of Caribbean souvenir necklace and medalion in very quick time. It just was not as impressive in real life as the photo in the ad. It's okay, just not great for the price. <end>  Poor Chain  I had one of these before but it was from another maker ofcourse, the one i had was the correct size, it had markings on both sides and the quality was waayyy better. This one feels cheap, it's too light and the chains breaks extremely fast. <end>  POC replica souvenir necklace  Good quality replica of the necklace worn by Elizabeth Swann in the Movie Pirates of the Caribbean, The Black Pearl. Great memorbilia to have if you loved the movie. <end>  very disappointing  The medallion is in no way a master replica of the one seen in the movie, and I don't understand why the seller felt justified in putting "exact replica" in the product description, and putting up a misleading photo of the coin.It may be a fun toy for children, but to all those looking for an actual replica - it looks like _a toy for children_. <end>  Master Replicas Pirates of the Caribbean Souvenir Necklace  well i finally got it the shipping was really really quick as far as the item goes iam a huge pirate fan and i have all the rings and other necklaces but this replica looks kind of cheap its really small(the coin)and it looks like plastic and the finishing color looks like copper instead if gold also the necklace is extreamly cheap i switched it to a gold ball link chain i took from my celling fan also the price is rediculus its 10 sumtin but the shipping comes up to 20 $ and my friend bought a much realistic one and larger coin for 20 $ at a disney store so its deffinetly not worth buying im pretty disapointed <end>  necklace  I ended up buying 3 of these after I bought 2 for my boys, my husband wanted one to collect. <end>  Pleased  This is my favorite Christmas prezent of ALL TIME!!! I think the reason this is always soo rare is because no one can get enough of it! Even at a high price it still fills joy in the eyes to just lay them apon it! I luv it soo much, my second favourite item after my autographed pic of Orlando Bloom that he, himself sent me!! <end>  The Thing Looks Really Cheap!  I was rather disappointed with both Doll TV and the item. The coin looks like it was made of cheap plastic. I have toddler toys made of the same material. The packaging is also very cheap and childish for a limited edition collectible.I was certainly expecting a lot more for a limited edition replica which costs $25.00.When I contaced Doll TV to discuss the item, I was told that this was "an exact prop replica of the coin necklace worn in the movie" and that they would refund my shipping costs if I removed my comments. I didn't even pay for shipping! <end>  cool  I gave this to my latest friend and it's so effective as I expected! <end>
 B0006L0Q7U  Baton Necklace ||	  Cute necklace, but was sent gold instead of silver  Nice necklace, but I was sent gold instead of silver. Also, shipping costs are way too high for such a small inexpensive item. <end>
 B0006LCQXW  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 1/2 cttw Heart Shape ||	  Very Cute! And Affordable!  It is hard to find the heart shape in a sterling silver, but these earings are very cute and well set! I can wear them everyday, in to pool and everything and I have not lost a stone yet! Now that is hard to believe for the price! They look bluish in the picture but they are clear. I wish there was a smaller version of this exact earring! <end>  Very Pretty  Really very cute, great for teens, you'll like it, I was happy with this purchase. Very happy with the seller too, great customer service. <end>  Cute!  I love anything with a heart shape cut on the stone. I docked a star because they are a little too bright, borderline fake looking.. But they were cheap! These were so affordable, I had to have them. And I can easily order another pair when mine wear out. I like to wear them everywhere now! They are the perfect size to put in and just leave in. Very good choice for Moms on the go  ) <end>
 B0006LCR04  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 3 1/2 cttw Trillion Shape ||	  great product  I like these, they stay shiny and bright for a long while and even so they are easy to clean, the real silver doesn't break out my skin, I always order more than one because I loose them though <end>  Wonderful!  This product is very well made. It is unique and I get lots of compliments wearing it because it is so! <end>
 B0006LIKBY  Antiqued Byzantine Sterling Silver Chain Link Bracelet ||	  Byzantine Bracelet  Not your average thick bracelet, this one is scaled down and more fitting for a petite person, for a more subtle appearance rather than bold. The clasp is sure so you don't have to worry about it coming off un-noticed, but do be aware of what you are wearing, because it can catch and snag any loopy sweater type clothing. I get a lot of wear from it, and it always looks appropriate. <end>  great bracelet  I've been wearing it for awhile now--at first it was stiff, but the links loosen up. My wrist is small and it fits just right with a little wiggle room. I love it. <end>  Very small!  This bracelet is of good quality with a nice clasp. It's good looking but it is so small. I have a very small and thin wrist and it is tight with very little slack. It's so small that it's kind of uncomfortable. This seems to have been made for a child but it was not marked that way. <end>  nice elegant piece of jewelry  was given to me as a gift and i love it! very nice quality for the price <end>
 B0006M4WT2  Amazon.com  Turquoise Sedona Jewelry, NECKLACE  Clothing ||	  Smaller than expected  The product is great, The advertising was bad. It looked as if more came with the earrings than actually did. <end>
 B0006N5DJY  Cartouche Pendant - Made in Egypt - with "I LOVE YOU" in Hieroglyphics - Open Style ||	  Cute pendant, great deal  I bought the silver version of this pendant with the 18"Egyptian Silver Accessory Chainas a Christmas gift for my girlfriend, who has a long-standing love for all things Egyptian. It arrived quickly and I was glad to see that it was pretty much exactly as pictured here. She loved it so much, it's something she's always wanted, so I did pretty good this time.One thing that they don't say here is that the hieroglyphs don't actually mean "I Love You," but are rather a close phonetic transliteration from English &mdash; that is, the names of the hieroglyphs used sound approximately like "I love you" when you chain them together. Most people probably don't care about this, and for the similar customizable pendants with peoples' names and such there's no other reliable option, but I thought it should have been made apparent on the product page. I'll try to post a picture of the little guide book they included explaining all of this. <end>
 B0006N8ZR6  St. Christopher Surf Medal - Small Kelly Green/Black ||	  Great pendant!  This is a great product! It came in the time that it was supposed to and I was able to give this to a good friend of mine before he left for Airborne School. And now I want one for myself! I will get one in the near future. <end>  Radical  I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend. It is just as described and came with a little card about the story of the charm. So cute. He hasn't take. It off since I have it to him! Thanks!! <end>  Narly Pendant  It's a really nice and stylish pendant. The chain that comes with it is cheap, but it can easily be replaced with something a little snazzier. Other then that minor flaw, it's a high quality piece. <end>  Love it  It is better than in the picture. I love it...my son wears it with a black cord around his neck and it is spectacular. Worth it! <end>
 B0006N8ZRG  St. Christopher Surf Medal - Small Kelly Green/White ||	  Great Colors  Medals of this medium quality (not sterling silver, but still they are nice) can be found at most California Mission gift shops for about $3.99 + tax & also at a couple of shops on Olvera Street in Los Angeles, but they do not offer the unique colors that this site/seller offers. Yes, you pay more, but just try to find these colors anywhere else (and I've done the searching). I ordered 2 St. Christoper medals, paid via Paypal, and received the items "the next day" ! I will definitely buy from this vendor again. Thank you !! Patricia Burton, Fullerton, California. <end>
 B0006N8ZTE  St. Christopher Surf Medal - Large Silver/Blue ||	  Protect yourself in the water  Surfing is fun, but it is also dangerous. A quick prayer and a St. Christopher medal will definatley help you out in the water. Stay safe out there! <end>
 B0006O0WWQ  Sterling Silver Large Hand Engraved Heart Locket, 1 1/8 x 1 1/4 in. ||	  Silver locket  It was a nice product, but wasn't what I was looking for. The merchant accepted the return promptly and refunded the cost immediately. <end>  Locket Bargain  This locket is very large (but not too large) and highly polished. It is well made and sturdy. I will be able to put all my children's photos and gemstones in this beauty. It is also well priced. <end>
 B0006O0WYY  Sterling Silver Marcasite Filigree Oval Locket. ||	  Sterling Silver Marquisate Filigree oval locket is loved by daughter  I gave this locket to my daughter because she likes jewelry which looks old and regal. Filigrees look antique. While marquisate denote 'marquis' which includes a nobleman ranking below a duke and above an earl or a count in various European monarchies. This sterling filigree locket with its amethyst stone looks like something inherited and held dear to one's heart.And, yes, my daughter loved it! <end>
 B0006O2WBU  Mens Large Sterling Silver 10mm Wide Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Need big rings...  Nice big thick ring - just as pictured. Nice shine to it, too. <end>  Awesome!  This ring is awesome! My husband loves it.It's a nice wide ring, it looks better in person.Was also very pleased at how quickly it was delivered.Great price as well. <end>  thank goodness  i bought this just days before christmas, and it got here days before and was in perfect condition <end>  Unfortunate  The product was poorly crafted, the edges uneven, and overall a disappointment. The photo does not accurately reflect the thickness of the ring. The seam where the two ends were joined was blued from sodering and incomplete. The only saving grace was that I didnt spend much. <end>  Purchase  This was the worst ring ever...I wore it about 12 hours and it turned my finger green!! What a complete waste of money.....DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM! <end>  Best Silver..  I would highly recommend this company to anyone. They get it to you on time, every time. This is my 4th purchase with them and they never disappoint! You get exactly what you see, with great quality. <end>  G R E A T  Perfect wedding ring , it look nicer when i put it on.nice shining with perfect finishing.also its width is great for a man with a big hand . <end>  Great ring, wearing it now, fast delivery as well!!  Very nice ring which I am wearing now. It is a very nice compliment and it gets good reviews from everyone! <end>
 B0006OA4JC  Sterling Silver Venetian Carnival Mask Pendant Hand Painted Ceramic Yellow-Pink Italy 1 1/8 inch ||	  It's very pretty  The pendant part is lovely but it isn't as shiny as the one you see in the picture. And the chain's claw was very hard to pry open. It practically dug into my fingernail(ouch!!!). But all in all, a very nice piece of jewelry. I love it! <end>
 B0006OAEVU  14K and Sterling Southwestern Symbol Eternity Band ||	  A really special gift  When I opened these rings I was amazed at just how beautiful and striking they are. I especially like the Native American symbolism. The man that received the other ring was as impressed as I was. The price is phenominal. <end>  Size counts  I saw this ring and had to get it for my daughter!! she recently found out she is indian..I gave her the ring and she loved it! she tryed it on and it was a half size to small,so i had to send it back. I looked to see if there was a larger size but there wasn't, I even e-mailed the company but no response. If you can find this ring in a larger size i would love to buy it again!!Thank You <end>  great  beautiful made- perfect-- wish it came in other sizes- difficult to find a jewler to size it--thick band needs lazer-- <end>
 B0006OAT4M  1 ct. Blue - SI2 / I1 Round Brilliant Cut Diamond Earring Studs in 14K White Gold ||	  I got what I paid for.  The diamonds in these earrings are a great color and look great on my wife. They arrived a couple of days after I ordered them. What's not to like!If I was buying colorless diamonds I might want to buy a higher grade of stone, but for use as radiation-induced blue stones they are perfect. The little imperfections in composition, color and clarity just don't really show nearly as readily when the stones are made blue. For what I paid, I am completely satisfied! <end>  nice earrings, very pteyyt...but  The earrings were very lovely ad arrived in good condition and quickly. However, I was very disappointed to find that they did not clearly mark whether these were untouched real blue or irradiated blue. No did they include an actually assessment by a verified gemologist.Still, pleased with them; but wont know until i have pay for a local gem guy to look at then to know how pleased I really am. <end>
 B0006OATC4  0.80 Carat Sterling Silver CZ Pendant ||	  Beautiful!  I wear this necklace on a regular basis. It was exactly what I was looking for. Looks so real, not too big. I really like it. <end>  Nice but looks diffrent on the picture  The pendant is lovely but very small and the chain is not the same as the one on the picture.But I still like this product. <end>  Love it!  I love it! It is exactly as it appears in the picture. Goes with anything - You can dress it up or dress it down. Classy, chic, simple and fun. Great buy. <end>
 B0006OGHSO  Tooth Fairy Box Juniper ||	  Sent me the WRONG BOX!!  My daughter has her first loose tooth, and so I ordered this box for her. When it arrive, I was upset to see they had sent me THE WRONG BOX. I received a treasure/jewlery box instead of the tooth fairy box. My daughter is delighted, and loves the new box, but it is NOT what I ordered. DO NOT ORDER FROM REEVES (BREYER) INT'L if you want to get what you order. <end>  Tooth fairy Izzy  Tooth fairy Izzy brought this cute box to my son after losing his first tooth. He wanted to keep the tooth so I told him his tooth fairy would work something out for him. It was perfect for a boy and it has a little slip to fill out important information for memories sake. He loves it! Just the right size too. I was able to slip his tooth fairy money inside it as well. <end>
 B0006OGOIM  BLAZING BLUE GREEN FLOWER LINK Designer Sterling Silver Top Fire Labradorite Bracelet ||	  If you like labradorite.....  Lovely bracelet with fine silversmithing, good to better stones, a little expensive. Delivery was prompt. <end>
 B0006OJ4XO  Mythic Sea Unicorn - Silver Tone Pendant and 20" Snake Chain Necklace Amulet for Free Spirit ||	  Lovely pendant!  I purchased this as a Christmas present and it was well received. It is quite attractive and elegant and so unique. One would assume it cost far more. Would definitely recommend it or buy again. <end>  Excellent  Hi,I love unicorns. The necklace is beautiful. I am always a little leary about sterling silver or silver color jewelry. But I never take this off, I have had many compliments on it also. <end>  unicorn  Overall, I was happy with it. The desciption(story,myth,legend etc...) of the Celtic unicorn was weak. Not much presentation. I had to switch the necklace to a prettier box.But it served it's purpose. <end>
 B0006OJ6LO  Sterling Silver Red Garnet Wing Butterfly Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8) ||	  Excellent Quality  I ordered this ring for my daughter's birthday and I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived. The detailing is excellent and it is a very pretty, very classy looking ring. The tiny antennae add just the right touch, and the stones are a nice shade of red. I liked the ring so much that I am going to order one for myself. I think that if you like the picture, you will absolutely love this ring when you see it! >^..^&lt; <end>  it is cute  It is a very cute ring. I liked it a lot. I only think im not so satisfy its a little bit too raised. have to be carefull it catches on to your clothes when you are dressing. A little bit too girly, The colors are great. <end>  Perfect!  I heard a quote the other day that went..."and just when life seemed surely over, the caterpillar turned into a beautiful butterfly" I'm in the process of divorce right now. Its been really hard. And there have been times that "life seemed surly over" So when I heard that quote...I thought THAT'S ME! I am just in the process of turning into a butterfly! I decided I wanted something to remind me of that quote when things got tough... And this was it! I love it...its perfect!! I looked a lot of places, but I wear a size 4 and they are hard to find. This ring is beautiful, and they were very prompt with shipping. I would highly recommend them.  ) <end>
 B0006OJ6XW  Sterling Silver Greek Key Worry Spin Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Nice Ring  I was told that the wide of this ring was 3/8" and was 1/4" I realize about that until I received it. I didn't get what I wanted. The ring its ok. <end>
 B0006OJ6Y6  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Garnet Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  In rebuttle in previous review about ring turning your finger green...  Actually, the fact that the ring turned your finger green PROVES that it is sterling silver. Most jewlery is covered with a Rhodium stain that prevents the reaction some people have with sterling silver jewelry causing a greenish hue to be left on skin afterwards. However, the stain is expensive, so if you buy fairly inexpensive silver jewelry, you can't expect it to be there. The good thing is that clear nail polish on the inside of the silver item works almost as well, and will prevent you from getting the green stains. I have the same problem with silver and it's what I do with all my stuff, works really well. <end>  Broken Stone  The ring is beautiful.. This company is crap. Who sells a ring with the garnet stone with a chuck of it missing? Pitiful. If I had noticed it earlier, I would have petitioned for my money back. <end>  Sterling Silver Marcasite Marquise Garnet Ring  I really like the ring. It lives up to my full expectations. It made a great gift. Customer service and delivery were outstanding! <end>  does not look like the picture  I love that this ring matches my great grandmother's antique garnet bracelet but one drawback is that the metal work, while gorgeous, is two toned. I don't know how to describe it. Halfway through the detailed part of the band it has bright silver work and then it has the silver metal work with a blackened background. I wish that all of the metalwork had the blackened background because it looks more antique that way and it matches my bracelet. In the picture all of the metalwork is the same, if it looked like the picture i would be so happy. <end>  Gorgeous!!!!!  I bought this ring as a Christmas present for a friend and it is just so beautiful that I'm tempted to keep it for myself! <end>  Classic  My daughter will love this ring, she had her 1st child last Jan, and wanted a ring with her daughters birthstone, this is delicate and classy and I can't wait till Christmas to give it to her. Excellant delivery time too. <end>  I don't recommend this ring.  Although this ring is gorgeous, and very ornate (for such a small ring). There was one drawback. It turned my finger green. I only wear sterling silver or white gold jewelry, and I have many sterling silver rings, none of those rings have turned my finger green. This lead me to believe that the ring was not sterling silver as it states on the website. I would not recommend buying this ring, or any jewelry from the silver insanity company. <end>
 B0006OJ6Z0  Open Celtic Knotwork Sterling Silver Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  beautiful little ring  I was looking for a ring that had clearly engraved celtic knotwork on it. I bought this ring and am perfectly delighted with it! The silver is slightly thinner than I had hoped, so I do worry that it might become misshapen quickly, but hopefully if I am careful that won't be a problem. Using Amazon's sizing chart worked perfectly too. I looked all over the Amazon site and this ring was the only one I found that was this styling... or at least the only one like this that didn't cost an arm and a leg. <end>  Beautiful But Fragile.  I love this ring.Bought it earlier last year, and I absolutley loved it!But a few weeks a go i took a bad fall and this thing bended a bit.. now today It bend enough to snap =/Beautiful ring, but be careful with it. <end>
 B0006OJ70Y  Sterling Silver Turquoise Wide Armor Band Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Still going after 2+ years  Bought this as a gift for my sister two years ago for Christmas. She wears it almost daily and it's still in fine shape. <end>  Poor quality  This is a very flimsy and breakable peice of jewlery...you could not tell from the photo. <end>
 B0006OJ722  Sterling Silver TURTLE Poison Ring Size 4.5(Size 5,6,7,7.5,8,9) ||	  Not a Locket,...Cute but Cheaply Constructed  I bought this ring as a gift for a niece who likes turtles. I was charmed by its appearance, with little movable legs and head. I was very disappointed that those charming appendages fell off when I tried to open "the locket." Don't waste your money and time like I did. <end>
 B0006OJ75E  Large Sterling Silver AZURITE Ring Size 7.5 ||	  Beautiful ring  I really like this ring, assymetrical shape makes it unusual and interesting and the stone is beautiful. I get complimented on it a lot. <end>
 B0006OJ772  Sterling Silver Medieval GARNET Armor Ring Size 7(Size 6.5) ||	  GORGEOUS!  I received this item as a gift for Christmas, and I cannot overstate how beautiful it is. The stone is of great quality and the workmanship of the piece is lovely. Due to the width of the band, I would advise ordering a half-size larger than you normally would. Mine is a half-size larger than I usually wear on that finger and it fits very well. It also wears very comfortably. <end>  Elegant  This ring has the two features which matter to me most in a ring  the metal work is beautiful, and the stone isn't huge. I don't like rings with large stones, and I don't like plain bands. For me the width of the band hasn't been an issue at all. I'm very pleased with it! <end>
 B0006OJ77M  Sterling Silver Footprints Spin Prayer Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Excellent Condition  This ring was exactly what I wanted. It is in excellent condition and was delivered very quickly. Thanks <end>
 B0006OL6I0  STUNNING SKY BLUE BLAZE Designer Sterling Silver Top Fire Moonstone Pendant ||	  dramatic pendant  This pendant is very bold and because of it's shape and size I dont wear it as much as my other pendants from JeGem, but when I do I get such amazing compliments on it's uniqueness and beauty. It is one of my favorite pieces! The pic doesnt do it justice! <end>
 B0006OMQ8O  Mother of Pearl MOP Carved FLOWER ROSE Shell Pendant ||	  Okay, but....  I like the look of this pendant and the carving is very nice and it's not to big or small, but the hole that the chain or cord has to go through is very tiny. I could not even fit a small size chain throught it, I had to buy a special bail and clip it on and then thread a chain through the bail. Just a little too much trouble for my taste. <end>
 B0006OT8OO  Sterling Silver Turtle Tortoise Motion Spin Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice!  This ring is well worth the price. It's silver, so it won't turn your finger green, it's adorable, and for those who like to keep their hands busy this is perfect. It's definitely worth more than they're asking for. <end>
 B0006OT8R6  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Celtic Knot Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Cheap and Broken  This ring arrived yesterday and I'm going to send it back immediately. When I opened up the little plastic bag the stone was not even in the setting anymore. It apparently came loose from the setting during the shipping process. I thought about gluing the stone back into the setting, but when I examined it closely I was very disappointed. The stone is extremely thin and cheap looking. The ring is also much smaller than the photograph makes it appear.I think it looks like a ring for a young girl and not for a woman.Needless to say, I am not happy with this purchase and I will not be ordering again from this seller anytime soon. <end>  Love Onyx  I've always liked simple onyx rings. This was the first one I'd seen in a long time that was something I'd want to wear. Love it. <end>  Celtic Black Onyx Ring  This is a really nice little ring. I was very impressed at how pretty it is - especially for such a reasonable price. <end>  Cheap stone  I didn't like this one very much and ended up sending it back. The stone just didn't look nice to me in what seemed to be a cheap setting. The price was great, but I didn't think it was worth the money unless you are just looking for a basic inexpensive ring with out the higher end quality appearance. <end>  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Celtic Knot Ring  I was looking for a black Onyx ring because I never had one.And I found the Sterling Siver Black Onyx Celtic Ring and I liked it so much that I bought it I may buy another black onyx ring. there was something that I saw on Amazon.com that I liked I don't thing that it was a black onyx. does not have to be black. the one that I saw was very pretty and I liked it. <end>  Black Onyx ring  I have been looking for a black onyx ring in size 10 for my right index finger. It is very hard to find size 10 in women's rings. I was excited to find this ring. I really like it, and it's very pretty, but there was a slight problem. I ordered a 10, when I got it there was a size 10 on the label, but it didn't fit. I have a couple of other size 10 rings that fit my index finger, but this one seems to be smaller for some reason. I don't know if this ring runs small, like some styles of clothing, but the 10 does not fit like a 10. I was going to send it back and order an 11, but sadly there is no 11. The ring is very pretty though, and I have been wearing it on a different finger. <end>  Beautiful ring  I bought this ring for my 17 year old daughter and she just loves it! The best part was the price, which was under $20., you can't find that in stores. She now wants to get the matching earrings! <end>  Amazing looking Black Onyx  One of the simplest but very elegant looking Black Onyx Rings I have seen in a long time. It looks so cute worn on the index finger. Nice ring for the money. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring is beautiful and I really liked it, but they either sent the wrong size or they run small because it didn't fit, so I returned it. <end>  Nice ring . . .  My husband bought me this ring for Christmas, but showed it to me early. He had ordered a size 8, which is what the receipt stated, however the ring sent was a size 5. Being so close to Christmas, he didn't want to send it back, so now I'm stuck with a ring 3 sizes too small! It's a lovely ring . . . I just won't ever get to wear it, because the person packing the orders wasn't paying attention to the size clearly marked on the receipt! <end>  Black Onyx Celtic Knot Ring  A really nice ring, it's really good and with a good price <end>  Black Onyx Celtic Knot RIng  This is a great ring for the price. It is smooth, low profile, perfect size ring! <end>  Exactly As Described  Very pleased with this ring. Perfect size for an active person - relatively low profile. I have several pieces with the Celtic Trinity Knot & this ring is a lovely addition. Clean, classic lines - beautiful onyx. Size runs true. I've received many compliments! Would definitely order from this company again. <end>  love it!  I read the previous reviews. almost didn't order it. I am glad I did, its what I was looking for. a nice low priced ring to wear to work. the flat cut setting makes it good, can't get any prongs stuck in gloves so you don't lose the setting easily. simple silver design was highly appreciated. and the size ran true. I got what I ordered. <end>
 B0006OT948  Sterling Silver Onyx Black Widow Spider Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Fantastic!  The ring is amazing. I Bought it for my girlfriend's Birthday Gift with the matching Necklace and Earrings, and she loves them. Looks really good! Great Quality, she gets comments about It all the time. Only thing, My Girlfriend Is a size 7 ring, and I bought her a size 8 and it fits perfectly, so you might want to go a size bigger with this ring. <end>  Awesome  I love this ring only complaint is that it has gotten caught on my clothes and bent. I am pretty hard on rings though and it hasn't broken yet. So, that to me shows it was made durable. <end>  Spider Ring  As with the spider earrings I ordered, the ring is perfect! I get a lot of compliments on how well it is done. <end>
 B0006Q3QCW  Anklet - A14 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal - Stretch ~ Black and White with Bug Shoe Charm ||	  Don't buy  This ankle bracelet was rather flimsy and too stretched out. I thought it was going to fall off of my ankle! <end>
 B0006SE14M  King Solomon Power of Second Sight Gothic Forbidden Pewter Goetia Cross Pendant Necklace ||	  Image deceiving  Not as professional-looking as it does on the picture... Looks almost like a toy... However, it is still very nice and unique. The sellers are quick and efficient when they work, both shipping and questions. <end>
 B0006SE156  Gothic Forbidden Dragon Athame Dagger Pendant Necklace ||	  Necklace of A Thousand Dreams  I bought this necklace for a close friend who loves dragons, and she wears it every day (except when she's working). She says it gives her a thousand dreams! As she moves through the day strange visions come to her of living in another time, close to the elements. At night, as she shuts her eyes and touched the dragon's head, slumber overtakes her and she feels that she's back in some medieval fantasy along the lines of Robert Jordan's WHEEL OF TIME series.It's an attractive piece, made of sterling silver, and cunningly carved out of silver by expert workmen. Wagner lovers and opera fans in general will want to wear one of those pendants while attending the Ring Cycle live; you'll feel the breath of Fafnir on the back of your neck as you touch the intricate folds and lines of the dragon's glaring face.In his heart a garnet beats and you'll feel the counterpulse of a dagger, gleaming at your side. Looking for a little crystal energy in your life, to counterbalance the ugly planet energies? This is the one dagger pendant necklace that you'll want to have. It's hard to describe the workmanship but frankly, the photo here isn't very good and makes the necklace look like a gimcrack prize from a Cracker Jacks machine. But in actuality it is precious looking and your guy or girl will think you've spent a whole lot of money on them if you give them this "Forbidden Dragon" as a birthday present or whatnot. Or if you're a parent with Goth children, trust Kevin, they will be loving you after you give them one of these. <end>  not what i've expceted  i got it as a gift for my husbend . he liked it when he saw it on the pix on amazonbut when i recived it. it felt a lil bit cheap and light weight. u almost cant feel the weghit of it.but it looks good. it just need to be polished . i dont really recomnded it.and the silver aint 925 i guess. its looks so differeant than what i used to wear and my husbend wearso here u've it. <end>
 B0006SJRLO  Queens Armor Wide Ring Band Garnet Sterling Silver(Sizes 5,6,6.5,7,7.5,8,9,10) ||	  Very Lightweight and Setting has cracks  The Silver is paper thin and the setting has little cracks which cause the ring to hook on fabrics. Poor customer service, I returned the product and they never issued a refund and they never responded to my email inquiries. <end>  Great ring--perfect seller.  This ring is just wonderful. I was a tad bit worried about the quality because of the low price but that was not a problem. This ring is beautiful--high quality!!! The seller shipped it quickly and packed it well. Again--this ring is so much better than the price would indicate!!! You will not regret buying it!!!Another reason I purchased it is because it is almost a perfect match for one that was made for Freddie Mercury --I'm a big Queen fan and was so happy to find it at such an affordable price. <end>
 B0006SJRQO  Sterling Silver Squires Gold Star Armor Ring(Sizes 4,5,5.5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Hmmm  All I can say is that the ring is not like in the picture, but at this price you can't expect to receive something mega cool. I am somewhat pleased with the item except that it's not like in the picture, it has 4 stars, not 3, the symmetry is a little different but, whatever. I now want to buy another one like this because the first one I will give it to my girlfriend, I'll just have 0.5 size bigger and come back with another review, tnx. <end>
 B0006SW2SE  Surgical Steel Flat 6mm Wedding Band Ring Roman Numerals Matt Finish, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  Surgical steel rocks  The ring I ordered is exactly as pictured. The Roman Numerals look great. The ring has started many a conversation. It's not sterling but who cares? <end>  Subtle but Beautiful  I got this ring and am amazed how how cool it looks! I've had it for about a month or two. The black numerals are engraved into the steel (instead of just...shall we say, *painted* on?), they've yet to wear off too. My only complaint is that since the edges aren't smooth, it has formed some small nicks. This depends on what you do during the day though, of course. In a way, the nicks combined with the numerals, make it look like an old treasure of sorts.It's pretty fun when I get asked, "What does that ring with numerals mean to you?" because it can mean so many things. I totally give this ring two thumbs up. <end>  I dig Roman numerals, and jewelry...  so buying this little ring was a no-brainer.It came quickly and appears just as it's pic shows.Fits a lil snug for the size listed, but not uncomfortably.A good buy for the price if you're looking for a simple ring with features it lists.I say it's a 4* piece. <end>
 B0006TK3SO  Egyptian Silver Fortune Locket ||	  Egyptian locket  This is a Christmas gift to coordinate with a hieroglyphic pendant.It's very different and I hope the recipient likes it. It's the perfect gift for this person who's into Egyptian objects <end>
 B0006TT9UW  14 MM Marcasite Band .925 Sterling Silver Ring Size 5.5 ||	  Beautiful  This ring is very nice. It shines and sparkles beautifully. I am very much satisfied with my purchase. The price was reasonable as well!Thanks  ) <end>  ring  found a ring that would fit my little finger, and it looks so gooood on my little finger. its rare that you find half sizes, in ready made jewerly. <end>  Marvelous 14 MM Marcasite Band .925 Sterling Silver Ring  So far, I really like this ring. It looks expensive, without the expensive price tag. I am hoping it doesn't turn my finger a weird color! If it doesn't, I plan on buying a few as gifts for my friends! <end>  Beautiful ring that looks like I paid way more than I really did!  This ring is gorgeous and looks like I spent hundreds of dollars on it! Definitely worth the money and just a beautiful quality ring! Thanks for the wonderful birthday gift! My sister in law loved it. <end>  Beautiful ring .  I love this ring.It is so elegant and beutiful.I been getting so many compliments!!!It looks like antique ring! <end>  Marcasite Sterling Silver Ring  I reciently lost a ring very much like this one and was searching high and low for another ring to replace the one I lost and came across this ring. This ring is absolutely the most brilliant ring to look at. It shines and sparkels like little Diamonds. I just love this ring. and would reccomend it to anyone who wants a ring that is elegent and afordable at the same time. <end>  Very beautiful  I have been looking for marcasite rings. And this one catches my eyes immediately. This ring is very beautiful. The work is very detail. It has a very elegant look. My fingers are thin (size 5), so it's very hard for me to buy rings in store; even if they have my size, the styles don't look good. This one has my size and it looks absolutely shunning! I also bought another ring from Gem Avenue. Both are very beautiful. And they each come with a nice box. <end>  Beautiful!!  Just as the other reviewers have written, this is a beautiful ring - the picture does not do it justice! Fits a little snuggly so if in doubt perhaps buy a size larger but I would definitely say it is sized correctly. For sure this ring looks more expensive than $20 and I am very excited about and pleased with my purchase! <end>  Marcasite Band Sterling Silver Ring  Bought this for my wife and she loved it. It does look better than the picture; really sparkles under light. Gem Avenue shipped it via USPS and it arrived in two days. It also comes packaged in a very nice little wrapped box with a bow. We're both pleased with this purchase. <end>  deceptive sellers  This ring is junk. Advertised to make believe it's 925 sterling - but WATCH OUT - it's .925 sterling - which is sterling plate. I did some research after receiving the ring since it was not stamped "Sterling" and discovered the cheaters trick of using a decimal point to get away with misrepretation. I would not have given Gem Avenue any stars but that wasn't an Amazon option. <end>  Unhappy customer  I was very unhappy when I received this ring. I have small fingers. This ring is so tiny - unlike the online image.I am a marcasite lover, but would not recommend this ring at all. <end>  gorgous ring  great ring. received just as described. marcasite stones are really beautiful, they have a great shine to them and this ring was just perfect. thanks gem avenue <end>  beautiful  I wear this all of the time. that way I have a beautiful ring on my finger without risking the loss of my diamonds. Thanks, Penelope K. Gonzalez. <end>  Marcasite Band  Nice ring. Because the band is so wide you need to order about a size larger then you actually wear. Good look with jeans or dress. <end>  Love this item  I love this style of ring. I will show their site a few more times. <end>  Love it!  This ring is truly stunning. I wear it everyday and everyday someone compliments me on it. It catches the light from every angle and is perfect to wear with casual or nighttime attire. True to size & delivered in the cutest little box with bow. Great find! <end>  very sweet  This ring is very nice and looks very expensive. I wear my ring on a daily basis, however, you must be careful because one of my stones fell out. But you can't tell, and it is beautiful. <end>  great find!  The ring is very pretty & looks expensive... I was so excited it came in a size 4!!! The fit was right. It also came in a cute little container with a bow on top... If you are sending this as a gift that is a nice bonus. I am very pleased. <end>  Fabulous ring  This ring is well worth the price. I'm just sad that mine doesn't fit me! I ordered a size 4 hoping it would fit my 'pinky' but alas, it is too big...the jeweler said to size it would make the stones 'pop' out! So, I am resigned to order another one. (Larger to fit a dif. finger.)PLEASE let me know if you get any rings in size 3.Thanks!!lorettagail <end>  Ring I enjoy very much  I enjoy this ring very much, however, I wish that I had ordered a larger size. I think that I would have like it a lot better as a middle finger ring. Just the same I really like this ring. <end>  vintage yet modern  Hello Marcasite Lovers, I just received this ring today. It is my first purchase from this website. I truely have a love of antiquities and quality. The ring is beautiful, however, go up a size. It is a prong set marcasite ring which is more expensive and a quality that one should look for when purchasing marcasite.......some are glued in and this is not.......It is encrusted all over with marcasite ( iron pyrite)....a keeper and a beauty .......antique yet modern........very beautiful.......a keeper..........i sincerely would of rated this as a 5 if it was not so oxidized on the silver but it can be polished with a silver cloth or old tee shirt.........and the packaging is supurb.....sincerely a marcasite lover, karen a. dearborn, michigan p.s. if you haven't purchased the "CROWN RING" YOUR MISSING OUT........BEAUTIFUL ALSO......AND SO ESTATE AND VINTAGE........AMD PRONG SET............ <end>  Marcasite Ring  I am so happy with this ring! It is stunning and looks very expensive. I have gotten so many compliments on this ring, and people can not believe the price! Gem Avenue shipped this very timely and I received it in perfect condition. I actually had ordered the wrong size and I had to send it back for another size, and that was done in an extremely timely manner as well. I couldn't have been more satisfied with the customer service and the product. This ring was a real find! LOVE IT!!!!14 MM Marcasite Band Sterling Silver Ring <end>  Like it, but it snags on things  The ring looks great. I really like it, but when I dry my hands on a towel, it snags. If I brush against the couch, it snags the threads. I read all the other reviews before buying mine, but no one else seems to have the same problem - maybe I got the lemon? I still wear it everyday, just wish it wouldn't snag on everything. <end>  Beautiful!  Loved this ring....would buy it again and again....only you better buy it quick because the price keeps going up and up! I paid $22 for it a week ago....just got it in the mail and it's Beautiful!!!!! <end>  Marcasite Band Ring  This ring is absolultey beautiful, the picture doesn't do it any justice at all. It compliments anything and everything I wear. I'm very happy with my purchase. <end>  WOW-Simply Spectacular!  This is a gorgeous ring. Be sure to order a size larger than your ring size because it does come smaller than expected. I was intending to wear it on my middle finger, but instead had to wear it on my right hand ring finger. It is simply stunning. I have returned to order the crown ring as well, two actually, one for myself for my pinky and one for my 16 year old daughter for her pinky. She nearly took my finger off trying to take this one. <end>  Ring...  I ordered a size 8 and it was really like a 7. It was a great gift for my friend though and it is beautiful! Only the front is designed, the back is plain silver. <end>  Very pretty ring  This ring is beautiful and delicate. I absolutely love the way it shines. If you're worried about it looking cheap because of the price, don't worry, it catches peoples eyes that's how pretty it is. <end>  Looks and fits great!  I got this for my girlfriend and she really likes it.She said it fits perfect. It doesn't get dirty easily and if it does, it doesnt show. <end>  Happy, but...  Love the ring, but unfortunately the stones protrude a bit so they can easily get caught on things. Girlfriend has had the ring for a while now, and two of the tiny rocks have fallen out.All things consider (especially the price), I am very happy with the ring. <end>
 B0006U6J90  Italian Charms Laser California ||	  nice  this was nice, and pretty. I have had it for a while now, and still looks great <end>
 B0006U7VUQ  Cross Italian Charm ||	  Italian charm  Got this to fill in my charm bracelet and it looks great. Item as described and fast shipping thanks! I would recommend this item to a friend! <end>  Beautiful  I have been re-doing my bracelet and I really wanted a cross, and this one fits what I wanted exactly. It's so cute, and wonderfully displays my faith on my bracelet! <end>
 B0006U7VVK  Star Of David Italian Charm ||	  Charm Review  This item was delivered within a reasonable time and I was very happy with it. It is very small but the image is beautiful. My sister in law was very happy with it. <end>
 B0006U7Y58  Italian Charms Laser Pennsylvania ||	  i was very disapointed  i bought the pennsylvania laser charm and when i got it half the ink was scratched off the charm <end>
 B0006V4BNK  SEAHORSE Belly Ring ||	  Only wore it twice  It is painful. The head of the seahorse digs into the skin because of the length of the bar, and shape of the head. <end>
 B0006Z0TXW  Mens Train Track Magnetic Therapy Titanium Metal Jewelry Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  people love it  people love this, they all think its a watch, and a lot of people like it and ask were i got it from, plus it has the magnetic metal to help with the human body and i believe it helps and it looks good <end>
 B0006ZWPPC  Children's Sterling Silver Heart Locket on Cable Chain, 14" ||	  Do not buy this necklace, you will be disappointed  The locket on this cable chain is so tiny, you will not be able to put a picture in it. After opening the box and being completely disappointed, I opened the locket to see how it worked. It would not close properly after opening. The quality of this necklace is not good - do not waste your money. <end>  Pretty, but not durable  My 5-year-old daughter was thrilled with her locket. It is really beautiful. We were both quite disappointed, however, when the locket itself broke...the loop that attaches to the bail completely came off. She is a normal kid, but was not overly rough with the necklace. It is currently at the jeweler's to be fixed. <end>  locket is very small  We bought this locket for my daughter, and had it personalized with her initials on one side, and the year on the other. This is such a small locket, that it will be very hard to put a picture in it. Also, the locket is very, very hard to open. The top of the heart wasn't closed all the way, so the locket kept falling off the chain, we had to have it fixed. Now it stays together, my daughter loves it and wears it every day, but I would have bought a different locket if I had realized how small this is, and that we would have to do some repairs on it before it could be worn. <end>  flimsy chain  I bought these lockets for the little girls in my family. I thought they looked nice, and I liked the way they came with a template so they could cut out and insert pictures. The size and style seemed perfect for young girls! I was disappointed that my 7-yr-old niece managed to break her chain almost instantly. <end>  Very Decent Locket--What Do People Expect?  We bought this locket and chain for our four year old and she loves it. Yes, the space for the photos is tiny, but, hey, it's a tiny locket for tiny people. Don't buy it for a ten year old. Price has increased greatly since last Fall, so it's not as good a deal as it was then. That said, the clasp on ours is still working, the chain is not broken, and the finish on the silver is still bright. It's fine. <end>
 B00075MHU4  Sterling Silver 6MM Ruby Cubic Zirconia Heart Stud Post Earrings ||	  Beautiful heart shaped ruby cubic zirconia earrings!  These are a perfect sized stud earrings. The ruby cubic zirconia is very close to the real thing. <end>  Earrings  The earrings are nice but I thought the shipping carge was a little high!Roxann HillGecko Girl <end>
 B000769UOO  Pugster Golden Italian Charm Bracelet May Emerald Color Birthstone ||	  Very Pretty  Very pretty charm and very bright colors. Looks lovely dangling.If you like the dangles I'd say you have to get this one. <end>
 B00076EN1O  Platinum Concave Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Super ring!  I used the create your ring option and picked this setting. The ring is of very nice quality, superbly polished, substantial even on very small sizes and emphasizes the diamond. Very nice! <end>
 B00076O404  Cloisonne Dragonfly Magnifer ||	  Cheap Tacky Look  The picture of this product is misleading. The product delivered was cheap and gaudy looking. <end>
 B00076TR6K  Sterling Silver Dark Purple Imitation Pearl Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very sophisticated  These earrings are gorgeous. Very nice color and just enough bling. They're well made and just the right size. I ordered more in different colors. <end>
 B000783OBM  Nickel Free Italian Sterling Silver 2mm Singapore 16 inch to 24 inch Chain ||	  Beautiful  great necklace, sturdy. I've been wearing it months through showers, baths, tanning beds and multiple lotion applications, and it still looks great. <end>  Great Buy!  This is a really lovely chain. It's texture is interesting enough to stand alone and it also looks great with a small pendant. <end>  LOVE IT A WHOLE LOT!!!  SUPER CUTE AND ADORABLE NECKLACE!! GREAT QUALITY AND LOOKS BEAUTIFUL!I BOUGHT IT FOR A PALM TREE PENDANT I HAVE AND LOOKS BEAUTIFUL, MATCHESJUST PERFECT..I'M MORE THAN HAPPY WITH IT AND WHAT A GREAT PRICE!!!!SELLER IS FAST ..GOT IT IN 4 DAYS. LOVE IT...LOVE IT! =] <end>  Love it!  I absolutely love it! I ordered this chain to go with a pendant i had bought, and they go to gether perfect. It looks just like it does in the picture, and the clasp is easy to do.Thank you guys! <end>  delicate chain with style  This is a great chain to consider for wearing lighter-weight pendants, which is what I was hoping for when I purchesed it. As it is Singapore in style, it looks more interesting than one that is plain, but is delicate enough not to overwhelm the pendant it is paired with. It also looks good by itself or layered, due to its style and 24" length. Service/delivery from the vendor was excellent. <end>  Nice chain. But take these reviews with a grain of salt.  The chain is quite pretty.That said, anyone buying this product on the virtue of these reviews should be aware that whenever Gem Avenue receives a positive seller rating, they request that their buyers review the products positively as well. Therefore, the reviews that appear here are skewed to reflect the buyers who liked the product, not those who didn't.I, for one, liked the product. But caveat emptor. <end>  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful chain that can be worn alone or with a pendent. I would recommend this product to anyone that is looking for a versitile chain. This chain shines so beautifully!! I bought one chain and if I need another one I know where to look. <end>  Perfect for layering...  For $6, this is a good deal. If you don't own a singapore chain yet, this is the best way to try it.Singapore chain is wider and a lot more interesting than your basic box chain or cable link chain. Singapore chain gives you that diamond-cut look that adds more sparkle compared to a regular snake chain.This is a good substantial chain for most pendants. It's not too thin for big pendants; it's not too wide for small pendants. I'm NOT too crazy about that ring clasp though, but then again, most chains come in that clasp (that or lobster).The reason I bought this chain is to wear with a 20" singapore chain I got somewhere else. They match perfectly! And for that price, I should've gotten another 16" or 18" (same price). It's perfect for layering or to wear alone. <end>  Nice  It was nice and shiny, like a bright white kind of shiny. The person who I gave it to liked it. I would buy it again. <end>  Sparkle and Shine  This chain is fine but strong. It catches the light and sparkles. I love it and would buy it again. <end>  Beautiful chain  This is the perfect chain. I can wear it alone or add a pendant. I will be ordering a couple more! <end>  Pretty  I received the necklace very fast. I was very surprised on how pretty the necklace was. It is perfect for all my pendants and the length is just right. I don't have to take it off at night. It is absolutely beautiful with all the diamond cuts. <end>  Nickel free Sterling Silver necklace  I love this necklace,the singapore chain is my favourite,it's catches the light beautifully,I originally bought the 20 inch,but had to keep opening the clasp it get it on and off,so I gave it to my DIL and bought this 24 inch chain,which I have no trouble putting over my head to get it on and off,also the 2mm width is a perfect width for any of my pendants. <end>  Very Pretty  This is very pretty. It looks thinner in real life than it does in the picture, but it's not too thin (it doesn't feel thin & fragile at all). I have a medium-size pendant that I want to put on here, and I think it is going to be just perfect. It seems like you can make it more or less sparkly by winding it or unwinding it before you hook the clasp. I haven't worn it very long, but it seems like a pretty well-made chain. It is actually a little more flexible than I expected... It bends and hangs just like a regular chain. The silver is pretty bright too. It is very sophisticated-looking. I like the diamond-cut look. I was going to buy one at the mall that was $40, but I thought I could find one cheaper on Amazon... I was right. This is a great piece of jewelry for the price. <end>  Beautiful chain  Very lovely, well made chain. Excellent price and so far for that price, the quality is good. I ordered 2 for some rather heavy pendants and they are holding up nicely. The Singapore style is quite pretty and adds a lot of sparkle to showcase my pendants. Shipping was very fast and the item arrived well packaged. <end>  Beautiful, Very fast shipping  I was searching for a necklace modest and delicate in appearance never-the-less durable. THIS is exactly that. I'm very pleased with this purchase. Its suitable for a sophisticated and/or professional look, the links are 2mm wide so it's not unnoticeably small,it glimmers but it isn't too gaudy.Im sure the length varies on different people. 22inches sets at the very top of the cleavage when pulled down, I figured a pendant would weigh it down a bit. Its perfect for my taste. <end>  Silver necklace  I recently bought this style of chain because I wanted one that would look shiny and glittery on my neck and this necklace does just that and is thicker then others this is not a thin chain. <end>
 B00078MNVO  Pugster Breast Cancer Awareness Brooches And Pins ||	  I wish I did not buy it  If I could I would have returned it, but I did not bother because I only paid $10. It is a huge brooch. The picture is misleading. If you like big brooches, then go for it <end>
 B00078ZMR6  Swarovski Peridot Double Gem Belly Button Ring ||	  Never Failed  I have never been disappointed from this buyer, nor their products. I appreciate doing business with them and will continue to do so. <end>  Excellent, excellent, excellent  )  Very, very cute & sexy, with very bright shiny color. True to image, and is just super  ) <end>
 B00079UHHA  SCBR010 Sterling Silver Pink and Clear Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Sparkle and More!  Sterling Silver Pink & Clear Swarovski Crystal 7.5" Charm Bracelet With Toggle ClaspI really love this bracelet. It looks expensive and brings just the right amount of sparkle to an outfit. I bought the matching necklace and I plan outfits to wear just so I can put on these pieces. Several people have asked me where I bought them. I also appreciated how quickly I received my items. I will definitely look for more jewelry from this company. <end>  So beautiful!  This bracelet is so impressive on. Pictures can't do justice. This is a real winner for everyday wear as well as dressing up a bit. You just can't go wrong with the sparkle and shine of the crystals and color! <end>  As seen on the internet  When i received my order, I was exited, because what I saw on the internet was exactly the item that I had purchased. The order was delivered in no record time. And it was easy track your order online.Excellent Job. <end>  Very attractive, daughter likes this  My VERY picky daughter, 17, seems to like this a lot. Very crisp looking, stylish, casual but could also pass as elegant. Nice crystals. <end>  Love it!  Bought this for my little sister as a Christmas present. She loves it! It's really shiny and fun. The part where it goes from silver to the beads looks a bit awkward, but other than that, I think this is a pretty fantastic bracelet. Word of caution though, this definitely does not look low key when you wear it! Personally, I think this is more geared for younger girls (10-15) <end>  wonderful  I purchased this bracelet for my daughter. It is wonderful. She will be thrilled to receive such a beautiful piece. The pink cyrstals are brilliant and the silver toggle and strap are of fine quality. I would recommed this piece to anyone who likes bling. It looks much more expensive than what you will pay. <end>
 B00079UYJ6  Ring - R10 Swarovski (tm) Crystal Stretch - Size Med. ~ Olivine (Green) ||	  Very pleased.  Purchased in several colors. The quality and durability of this item is great. Would definitely recommend for self or as a gift. <end>
 B0007A0ASU  Small Southwestern Native American Indian Bear Paw Pendant in Turquoise and Sterling Silver suitable for children and adults, #2379 ||	  small bear claw pendant  Though I was surprised (with no excuse) at the tiny size of this pendant (smaller than my thumbnail) it is a very charming piece, and exactly as listed. Well made and handsome on a petite scale. My 5 year old son immediately claimed this piece as his own, and it is balanced enough to look appropriate on him as well as myself. <end>  Worth it  I bought this to match a pair of earrings with the same design. I was very pleased when I received it. It is well made and just the right size for my taste. <end>  Gift  The delivery went as mentioned on the website but the product size was even smaller then mentioned.As a kid i had the same pendant ( that got stolen last year ) and it was even twice the size then these bought online.A pitty really since i bought 2 for our 8 years relationship`s celebration ( and we are in our late 30`s now ).They could have given a more precise measurement besides the option between small and big.Besides that the product is correct in quality and finishing. <end>  Bear paw pendant  Gift for camping buddy,we always see some bears while camping so i thought it would make a nice gift <end>  small bear claw  item arrived in an excellent time frame. It was well presented and in perfect condition. Thankyou. <end>
 B0007CZMSG  Duragold 14k Gold 7mm Ball Studs ||	  satisfied  I bought these for my mother-in-law. She was thrilled. They were light weight and a perfect size- not too big, not too little. <end>  good purchase  this set of white gold ball earrings I bought for my granddaughter and after they arrived I was so taken with them I wanted them for myself. they are well worth the money <end>  Great every day earring  Very happy with price and quality of these earrings! I bought them on sale before Valentine's day to wear every day. <end>  Fake  Within 5 minutes of wearing these earrings my ear lobes started swelling up and turning red. These are not real white gold earrings, those who are allergic beware! <end>  Good for the price  Good quality for the price and also look very nice. On the display look bigger. Check the size (7mm) so you don't fill disappointed. I highly recommended the product. <end>  Actually a bit larger than I thought  I had been looking for some fairly large white gold ball stud earrings for quite a while. The price on these was fair and they are actually a bit bigger than I thought they would be. They are very pretty and do not make my sensitive ears sore in any way. Both of them did arrive slightly scratched. I tried cleaning them but it did not help. From a distance no one would notice, but they are scratched. The earring backs are very small for the size of the ball stud. <end>  good  These were slightly smaller than I had hoped but they're pretty and they do the job. <end>  Gold ball studs  Came in a plain box with a swath of cotton, no certificate, no 14 k tag,no notes or letter. For all I know, they could be a light platting or even used jewelry. <end>  Ball Earrings  Gave them to my wife for Valentines Day. She loved them. Just the right size. And they go with her white gold necklace. <end>  Gold Earrings  The earrings are great. I wish I had gotten a little bigger set but they are fine just as is. I really enjoy them and they look great. Good price for the price. <end>  Poor backs ruin this earring  Dec. 2009- The posts/backs have not gotten any better.... one back did not last taking the tag off (it is an adhesive tag attached to the circle of the back.. bent way out of shape and can't be bent back. Earring itself is nice.. but no indentation on the end of the post to hold the back on. If you are going to buy any of Amazon's earrings, expect to have to find new backs that fit the earring post. <end>  nice earrings, but I lost one!!  This earrings are definitely made to be lost!!! They're gorgeous but they seem to just fall off your ears... be warned... <end>  Loved them till I lost them  I loved the simpleness of these earrings and knew I could wear them with anything but I did notice that the backings were not as secur as I thought they should be, but being the optimist that I am, I wore them anyway. I enjoyed them for a week until I came home one day with only one on! The clasp needs to be examined and reworked on these so it doesnt happen to anyone else. <end>  Pretty but cheap backings  The backing I received was not the one pictured. They were undersized and because of it I lost one of the earrings in one week. You are better off buying something else. <end>  Nice but big  I really like the way these earrings look but they are big. They fell out of my ears the first day I wore them. I didnt even know. So now one earring is lost, never found it. <end>  Great earrings!  I agree with other reviewers that the backs are very small, but I have not had any trouble with them (even though I am totally clumsy!). I also bought the yellow gold 7mm earrings for my mother and both pairs are absolutely beautiful. These are good quality earrings and are perfect for everyday wear. <end>  Pretty but menacing  These are very nice shiny, perfect-sized earrings for the $12.50 I paid. HOWEVER, be warned, the backs to these are VERY small - TINY. I have never seen earring backs so small in my life. It took me 10 minutes to get them both in, and my ear lobes are red. I have long nails, so I imagine it would be easier for someone who does not. <end>  Great pair of basic studs.  Gave these for gift to a friend who is unable to wear sterling. They were a great hit and an even better bargain for me at Amazon deal of the day price. <end>  Nice Earrings!  These earrings are simple elegance, go with anything, and easy on the ears! Packaging was gift quality as good as any jeweler. <end>  Lost earring first day  The earrings looked great but the clasp did not hold. I wore earrings once and when I got home I noticed left earring was gone. The clasp on back did not hold. I looked everywhere and never did find it. Kind of expensive for one wearing.I would love to have another pair but won't be paying for one. <end>  Very large gold balls!  These earrings are beautiful. The price is definitely right. The packaging, marvelous.My only complaint is my own stupidity. I didn't realize just how large 7mm is. These are big. For $10 (bottom of the page deal), I expected them to be small. They look dumb on me and don't fit my pre-teen daughter at all. I should have investigated, but it would be equally nice if Amazon showed a ruler beside them, or showed them on a model, so you could accurately judge how big they are. <end>  Gorgeous!  I originally wanted a set of gold ball earrings for the 2nd hole in my ear. Like another reviewer, however, I didn't realize how big 7mm is! (5mm would have suited my purposes much better). However, as I got used to wearing them, especially with hoops in my first hole, I realized how nice they really look. They're even large enough to wear in the first hole, and can be seen quite easily.I didn't get in on the $10 special, but was more than happy to pay $20 for these beautiful earrings.They come in a very attractive black velvet box, and would be gorgeous to give as gift to that special lady in your life. <end>  Love 'em!  Excellent quality - the post is smooth and does not abrade the ear as some inexpensive earrings do. The ball is smooth and shiny with no ripples, pits or other defects. I am very happy with this purchase! <end>  Gold Earrings  The gold balls came off their posts four weeks after use.I would not recommend. <end>  7mm Gold Ball earrings NOT too big and excellent quality  To those who feel the 7mm are too big; they are not. To those who feel the quality may be marginal; the quality is superior.I have worn them for several months straight - never removing them and they have fully met my expectations. I recommend them without reservation. <end>  14k White Gold 7mm Ball Earrings  These earrings were a great value for the price! They're small and delicate enough to wear out, but also look very polished for work. I would recommend them to any and everyone! <end>  ear comfort  Gave these to my wife as part of a birthday gidt and she loves them. She says they feel more comfortable than most "stud"-type and they look great. <end>  Very pretty earrings  These earrings are great. They are the perfect size. I would recommend these to anyone who likes a classic look. <end>  great little treasure  I thought the 7mm might be too big but they are just perfect size. I haven't taken them off since I got them. Great price! <end>  Lost one yesterday  I loved these earrings, but also noticed that the backs were tiny. I didn't have a problem putting them on or taking them off, but yesterday one of them fell out sometime during the afternoon. It's gone -- probably never to be found. These are pretty, but be sure to use your own larger backs. <end>  Delighted with earrings but the backs were too loose. Had to make an adjustment.  Delighted with the earrings but the backs were too loose. I had to squeeze the backs tighter together to make the adjustment, otherwise I haven't had any problems. <end>  Gold studs  I needed a pair of gold studs and these are pretty great. Only complaint is that the backs were VERY flimsy! I went to remove the back to put them in and they bent immediately. I ended up throwing the backs away and using another pair from another set of earrings. <end>  the back of the earring  The earring itself is nice. The back of the earring left much to be desired. They fit very loosely and I lost one of the backs only moments after I put it on. I had to go find a old pair of earrings and use their backs. Not happy! <end>  Great earings  These earrings are a nice size and the quality is there. However the backs are too small and cheaply made. I switched the backs from another pair of earrings and they worked fine. I like wearing them in the second hole on my ears. They really look nice. Sometimes I wear them alone and they look just as nice. Overall I think they are a good value. <end>  earring  I was a little disspointed the earrings were hollow and the backs very small. However, for the price still can not beat it. <end>  She loved them.  White gold earrings at a huge discount made for a nice gift. My wife really liked them and has not had any problems with backings, etc. <end>  earring gone  Lost an earring the second day I wore them. I like the way they look, but I don't have much use for only one. The fit of the fastener on the post needs to be tighter. (Update  I found the earring! Because I really like these gold balls, I bought clasps that would not fall off. Tried every one at the jewelry store, and only one pair was tight enough. Paid almost as much as I did for the earrings. Conclusion  The post diameter is too small.) <end>  My new favorite earrings  My boyfriend got these for me as a birthday gift and I haven't taken them off since. They are just the right size and are appropriate for any occasion. Cute and classy! <end>  Delicate and beautiful for a wonderful price  These 7mm earrings are the perfect size, and of very high quality. The person for whom I bought them is petite, and they complemented her looks and style -- she wore them right away! I am very pleased with the gift and the reaction to it, so I would recommend this item wholeheartedly. <end>  Excellent buy  These earrings are slightly bigger than I had expected but I don't think they are too big. I have small-ish ears and they look fine on them. The shine is very nice. I think they can be worn casually but also classy and polished enough to wear out evenings or to parties.I have very sensitive ears (they get red and sore when I put on earrings I've never worn, earrings I haven't worn in a while or put on any type of earrings for the first time in weeks) and these have not caused any irritation.Another reviewer mentioned that the posts were short, and I definitely agree that they are shorter than other earrings and that is exactly what I love most about these. (I think the picture shows the post in a fair relative size.) I typically find earrings to have long posts that are extremely uncomfortable to sleep. If I absentmindedly forget to take them out before bed, earrings usually give me headaches by the next morning. These on the other hand have been perfectly fine! I didn't even notice that I had them on until I looked in the mirror the next morning.I also agree that the tension backs are too small but I have not had any trouble with them. I have small hands though so I can see how they can be problems for some. As other reviewers have mentioned, you can simply replace the backs so this shouldn't deter you from buying these. I have worn the earrings a few days now and they have not fallen off once (whether due to the posts being too short or the backs being loose). I am really happy with the purchase and bought a second pair as a gift. Hopefully the recipient will like them as much as I have! <end>  I Feel Pretty  I like the simplicity of these earrings.White Gold - Classic - From formal occasions to Jeans...A great present for that special occasion. For young and old. <end>  A Good Buy  Perfect extended wear. The gold will not cause earlobe irritation and they are a nice understated compliment to any outfit... Very classic. I really like them. <end>  classic style  You'll never go wrong when you gift gold. Traditional ball earrings are always well received. I buy several pairs at a time (when on special) and keep for handy last minute gifts. <end>  size  I like to gold ball earrings but the size is larger than I expected. I like to wear them in my second piercing. I now will wear them single. <end>  Not worth it  When I received these earrings one was missing a earring back. They are pretty big also. I honestly don't think they are worth the price either. <end>  Nice earrings, but too big for me  These earrings are very pretty and nice. However I was looking for earrings for my second hole and they were much larger than I had expected - too large for a second hole. If you like wearing studs on your first hole, these would probably be nice (but still quite large for studs). Appeared to be great quality. I did end up returning them though, since they were larger than I had expected. <end>  14k White Gold 7mm Ball Earrings  The item has arrived in perfect timing. The earrings are good quality, but not the best one. <end>  BALL EARRINGS  BELLISIMOS LOS ZARCILLOS , LOS USO MUY A MENUDO Y EL TIEMPO EN QUE HICE LA ORDEN FUE BIEN RAPIDA SU ENTREGA, SU TAMA&Ntilde;O REAL CONCUERDA CON LAS MEDIDAS QUE OFRECEN . <end>  Nice earrings, but what happened to the clasps?  The earrings are 7mm white gold studs, and clasps. To my horror, the clasps were tiny version of an earring clasp, possible for a premature, newborn baby. They were very small, extremely flexible, totally ineffective, and extremely disappointing. I had to buy clasps from a local jeweler for $25.00. I will not purchased jewelry from Amazon again. <end>  Love them!  Wear them 24/7 several weeks in a row and am very happy with the quality, the 7mm size, and of course-Amazon's bargains!Try the 7mm Yellow Gold Ball Earrings...you will love them too! <end>  Earrings  Good size. The back fell off so I'm hoping this isn't a problem. Not sure if it was loose, or something I did. Earrings are nice otherwise. <end>  Awesome  I got these for $10 and free shipping. Great price and wonderfully packaged. They came inside a velvety pouch within a nice gift box. Very nicely put together and good quality earrings...perfect size as well. <end>  Love 'em!  Excellent quality - the post is smooth and does not abrade the ear as some inexpensive earrings do. The ball is smooth and shiny with no ripples, pits or other defects. I am very happy with this purchase!________Update  September 2008. I have found that the posts on these earrings are not perfectly smooth. I left them in for several days when traveling, and ended up with abraded ear lobes that bled when the earrings were removed. I still wear them, but only for a day at a time, and not on consecutive days. <end>  GREAT deal  Best price for a pair of 7mm gold ball earring that I've seen in a LONG time. I feel like I got lucky! <end>  A Nice Size & Good Looking Earrings  I bought these earrings as a Christmas gift for my wife and they look great. My wife has long dark hair and the 7mm (larger than a 1/4 inch) size really stands out. They came in a dark blue velvet jewel/ring box which comes in another dark blue box. My wife really loves them so that's a bonus for me. They are a nice little something for yourself or as a gift. <end>  Cheap!!!!  FYI, DO NOT BUY!!!!! Ordered these ear rings for a gift. Came with no paper work. One ear ring was miossing a back, and post was bent. Upon close inspection, there is NOT a 14K stamp on these any where. Will take to a jeweler to see if real gold, prior to returning. <end>  Poorly made  Loved these when I got them, they looked great. However, I wore them twice and the second time the post fell off the earring. They are poorly made. <end>  7mm gold ball earrings, nice but too light  The earrings are nice, but weight so little they are like air, I am sure they are hollow. I hope they last and the post doesnt break off the ball, a little flimsy for me. <end>  7mm gold ball studs  They are beautiful only the posts are short for my fat earlobes. Pleased with my purchase over all. Now l need the next smaller size for the 2nd holes <end>  Excellent  The size was the one waiting, the pin is short so do not bother behind the ear, I bought the size 7 I think is very good size, plus the price was very good. <end>  Beautiful Earrings!  Thank-you for the great service! We received beautiful earrings, at a great price, nicely packaged, and shipped as stated! Thanks! <end>  Hypo-allergenic  Wife's ears react to most earrings. Gold is one of the few things she can wear. She can wear this.Comes in a little black bag, inside a little black box. It doesn't present well upon opening, but the wife likes the little black bag, so all is well. The lack of presentation is offset by the price in my mind. <end>  BENISSIMO  OTTIMO PRODOTTO!!! MI SONO PIACIUTI MOLTO GLI ORECCHINI. GRAZIE PER LA VELOCITA' DELLA CONSEGNA. DO' QUATTRO STELLE SOLTANTO PERCHE' LE FARFALLINE SONO TROPPO GRANDI. <end>  These earrings win Gold medal for value  Great price for these earrings. 5 mm is too small to catch enough light to look casual or dressy. These earrings are 7mm and they look both classic and classy without burning a hole in your bank account. Great price, great look, fast shipping. Lifetime guarantee. Great deal! What more could a lady ask for? Nothing. <end>  Very nice  I bought this set of earrings when they were on sale. Very nice looking gold balls, not too small, not to big. Just the right size! Nice to give as a present.Have a great evening, Goobhen <end>  great size  When I was looking for stud earings I came across this specific style and kept reading in the reviews and kept coming across complaints about how big the ball of the earings was. Well I'm glad I made my choice and went with the 7mm stud ball it's just perfect size for a regular adult. The quality of the earings is good for the price,and the earings are an everyday piece of jewelry. I would recommend this earings to anybody. <end>  nice ear rings  love them but lost the back today, as others have stated was not a tight fit. The ear ring is perfect for the price. <end>  Duragold Ball Stud earrings  These are just what I've been looking for. My ears are double pierced and they are a perfect complement for other earrings.Good service and fast delivery. <end>  Terrific value for gold earrings  These earrings just arrived, and for $10 (Friday sale), you cannot beat this value. Luckily I bought two pair, one as a gift, and one for me, on the off chance I liked them. Otherwise, I thought, I could hold the second pair for one of my granddaughters. No way; the second pair is mine. <end>  not as good a product as I thought  These earings were ok for about a week. After that, the back of the earing started coming loose. I actually lost an earing and found it, just because It was too loose to stay on my ear. <end>  Great buy  I bought these for my wife as a bottom of the page special. She loved them! &quot;Classic&quot; kind of earrings that can be worn with anything. Good quality. Look great. Price is right. I wish I'd bought several pair (for gifts) at the discount price, but would still recommend buying at the price offered. <end>  Great earrings  I love these earrings. I have very sensitive ears and these earrings do not cause me any problems. The backs were too small, but I just switched them with a different set of backs. <end>  Quality is here  I purchased these at $16 in December 2006; they are currently running for $15, which is so worth it for 14K white gold earrings. At this price you should be thinking about next year's Christmas presents. Otherwise, if you are looking for a treat for yourself, you will not be disappointed. The reason they lose a star with me is that for the 7mm size, the earring backs should be larger; they are on the small side. <end>  Ok for Price - but take note  If you are interested in this item, please take a minute to look at my two cents. I'll try and keep it brief 1. Keep expectations on the quality realistic. These are nice earrings for the price, but think department store nice as opposed to jewelry store nice.2. They look better than they feel - i.e. shiny but of somewhat insubstantial weight for their size (see item #1).3. I don't regret buying them but I really wish i had replaced the backs, because the first time i tried them on I knew there wasn't enough friction with the post. The earring can be completely pulled from your ear without much force, something as casual as brushing your ear against a sweater or phone receiver is enough.Within 2 weeks of purchase i had already lost one of the earrings, and didn't even feel it coming out of my ear. <end>  Classic beauties  These earrings are adorable. They're light and comfortable to wear. The size is perfect for me since I only have one hole in each ear. These earrings are neither so small that they will go unnoticed nor are they so big that they will detract attention from the vintage pendants and necklaces I love to wear. Gold ball earrings were the first earrings I had when I was a baby so a bit of nostalgia probably was also involved in my decision to buy these beauties. My sister calls them "old-fashioned" but I think that they are rather "classics." They go with everything. Whether I'm dressing casual or formal, a pair of these earrings is never "too much." <end>  Wonderful little trinkets!  I snagged a bunch of these to give to nieces and young cousins as Christmas Gifts. They are wonderful. So wonderful that my wife took a pair like I knew she would. I also gave one to my little daughter, although I doubt she'll wear them anytime soon since the earrings are still a bit big for her. However, her pre-teen and teenaged relatives will love them. These earrings are a great value. The ones I received are made by Leach and Garner. It comes in a Regal Blue Sueded-Cloth Box, as described, which is in another Regal Blue cardboard box. The description provided by Amazon is exactly what the item is, there were no surprises. I'm glad that I have great gifts to give this Christmas. <end>  she loves these!  the ball earrings are beautiful and they look great on my wife! only complaint would be that the tension backs are tiny (and, therefore, hard to handle and find) but you could just replace them with tension backs from your unused earrings. <end>  Posts Too Short/Tension Backs Too Small  The ball earrings are beautiful and I was very disappointed to find that the posts are so short, what you would expect to find on earrings for a small child. The posts were also thin, but that was okay. Also, the tension backs were so tiny, I had a hard time handling them. If I had purchased them for the Jan 2007 price, I might have kept them and had new posts and backs put on by my local jeweler. The photo shows the posts and backs to be more substantial. Sadly, I have to return them. <end>  Stylish  These were a great earring for the price. If backing is loose change for another. Great Shine and Polish to them. <end>  Wear every day for the office  I have two sets of holes and I wear these every day in my back holes. I wanted something a little nicer for the office but not diamonds because I knocked them out answering the phone. These have never come out and look great. <end>  Basic but very nice  I bought these for my wife and she liked them very much. 7mm is not as small as you may think. I certainly wouldn't buy anything larger in this style. I got them on sale for $15.00, can't go wrong with that price for 14K gold. <end>  I snagged these immediately, when I saw that great price!  These earrings go with just about anything, and are a fantastic quality! The perfect alternative to pearls... <end>  Too Big  These balls are nice, but they are too big for my ears. I cant keep any backs on them. I tried the ones they came with...falls off, then some clear backs and the earrings still fell out of my ears. Luckly I found them. <end>  Beautiful!  My husband bought these for me when I pointed them out on the Bottom of the Page deals. I wasn't expecting them to be as nice as they are since they were only $10, but wow...they are nice. I would have paid the full price for these, no questions asked. <end>  These are Ok  These are ok, but the felt a little loose and were too small for the look i wanted. I have to say the color is really good though, the picture makes them look a little dark but they are very pretty. <end>  I struck GOLD!  With each passing transaction on Amazon, I feel more like a successful gold prospector. The items ordered are ALWAYS of high quality...they a shipped quickly and correctly...simply a pleasure.My daughter was pleasantly surprised by these gems. Arrived really quickly...are stunning...baby girl is happy!Thank you! <end>  14K Gold Dots  Love the size and the fact that it's 14K gold. the Price was right and delivery great. I will definitely purchase from them again. <end>  Keeps falling off.  Everything is great but it keeps falling off because the post is not secure. I wish it was made with a screwback or more secure back. <end>
 B0007D69TG  Sterling Silver Blue and Clear Crystal 1mm Omega Chain Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Crystal and Chain are great  This product is excatly as it is advertised. The crystal is a ball shape - and slides nicely onto the chain and catches the light quite nicely. I am not sure that if it was a flat backed item it would do as well. The chain is exactly what I was looking for as I now use it for not just this slide but others as well. The length is great - it is easy to put on (when you have fingernails!) and both have gotten many compliments. <end>  the crystal is ball-shaped and too big  The crystal pendant is a ball, instead of a slice, which makes it a little uncomfortable to wear. <end>
 B0007DDPDE  Sterling Silver Bali Garnet and Amethyst Hook Earrings ||	  Nice earrings  This is a nice pair of earrings. The jewels look brighter in the photo, but that's probably due to special lighting. There is no open space behind the stones. I'm hoping someday there will be a complementary pendant for these. <end>
 B0007GFCRI  Round Green Turquoise and Sterling Pendant on Brown Leather Braided Cord ||	  Pendant  I was very impressed with the quality and look of this item. I would definitely buy from this company again. <end>  Even nicer in hand  This necklace was a gift and she loved it. It is even prettier than the picture gives justice. I was a little nervous about the clasp bt my girlfriend really likes it because it is easy to put on. The brown cord is thick and makes a nice contrast with the blue/green of the stone. <end>
 B0007IIQVK  "Venetian Romance" Bracelet (Aqua) ||	  Beautiful, nice quality  I ordered this bracelet to go with a sweater I am giving a friend for her birthday. It was well made and very pretty. Unfortunately the color of the beads was too far off and didn't match so I had to return it. The seller was very understanding and easy to work with. I would buy from her again! <end>
 B0007KHJ8Y  Sterling Silver Long Earrings Single Strand with Beads Made in Italy, 4 inches ||	  Description is accurate.  Earrings arrived quickly and as described. They are 4" long and very cute. Perhaps the other reviewer received the wrong item, she should have returned them before giving a bad review. <end>  Not really 4 inches...  So the earring is nice and all, but DEFINITELY NOT 4 inches. Mine is 2.5" long, which is MUCH smaller than I expected and what I needed. Is it pretty? Sure. Will I wear it? Probably not as it's not as dramatic as I expected. That 1.5" that's missing makes a HUGE difference on the look you're going for. Quality is good, but really disappointed as I was going after a long earring, not your regular, you can buy anywhere length. Check back, as I'm posting a picture of it on top of a ruler. <end>
 B0007KI51O  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Poison Locket Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10) ||	  The photo doesn't do it justice!  I nearly didn't buy this ring because of the photo. It looked so coarse. However, I found other photos on the Internet and decided to go for it and I'm glad I did. The Celtic pattern on the lid is great and the knots on the sides are carved hollow. The box is perfect for a small pill. <end>  Very Dissapointed  I bought the ring and it is lovely, but it does not close. I put small things in it and they fall out, and if you wear it the box opens.Absolutely not worth the money I spent. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This is a beautiful ring. It's smaller than I had anticipated but I still love it. It's perfect for a small pill as mentioned in another review. Also, the pictures really don't do it justice. I'm very glad I bought it. <end>  Disappointed.  I love the look of this ring but I actually bought it to hold medicine. The pill fell out once (lost it). I tried not to get it wet but if it did get a little moisture in it the pill became mushy. So I have a really nice looking ring but can't keep a pill in it. <end>
 B0007KI528  Sterling Silver Weaved Three Band Puzzle Ring Size 5.5(Size 5,7,8,9) ||	  Love It!  Simply beautiful, easy to wear, the best part easy to put back together. Fit the first 2 and the 3rd falls into place. You will love it. <end>
 B0007KLB4W  Plum Double Gem Belly Button Ring ||	  Basic ring  Pretty simple, nice belly ring but the stone is loose. Not great quality, but for the price it's fine. <end>
 B0007KQQCE  Elegant sterling silver and 18kt yellow gold cufflinks with presentation box. Made in England ||	  Just Beautiful  I actually bought this style cuff link from Touch Of Luxury, but in a square shape, which was absolutely gorgeous. I do not see the square ones on amazon anymore...maybe I got the last ones. This company has excellent customer service, they ship their items super fast and their items are beautifully gift-wrapped too. I was very impressed with their service and quality of jewelry. The cuff links were to just die for. <end>
 B0007L0K70  Ring - R18 - Swarovski (tm) Crystal Stretch - Size Lg ~ Amethyst ||	  ring  looks a little antic but it is nice, it would be a nice present to give to a niece. hope she likes it along with other jewerly that I got her <end>  Ring 18 - Swarovski Crystal Stretch Amethyst Ring  Nice ring for the an inexpensive ring, but one stone was missing. It was not worth returning it as you would pay more for postage than what the ring cost. <end>
 B0007L1Y3O  Heart Earring Two-Tone 14K Yellow Gold 7X8mm ||	  Was a big hit with my wife!  Pay close attention to the size of these earrings. I hadn't but they turned out to be just right my wife said. But they are small, so if your looking for something large you might want to look else where.They are very attractive though--- <end>
 B0007L4328  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Pendant, 2 inch long ||	  Nice Value  Nice cross for the value. Good craftsmanship and nice looking. Not the rough stuff that looks very hand made, this is a very nice cross. <end>
 B0007L435U  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Pendant, 1 1/8 inch long ||	  This is a fun cross.  This is a nice weighty mediumish cross. For me it would be too small for a long necklace, but good for a short to medium one. My son thought it was too small for him even though he really liked it. I have worn it as both the short necklace mentioned above, and as a charm on a heavy linked bracelet. The workmanship is top notch. I am quite pleased with the piece. <end>  Pretty cool  Nice pendant, smaller than I expected though. The pendant is nice to add to a separate chain because the one that comes with it is just about worthless. It's a tiny little thing suitable only for a little girl. <end>
 B0007L439Q  Sterling Silver Egyptian Goddess Isis Pendant, 1 1/8 inch long ||	  She still wears it  My wife loves this pendant. She's had it for over 2 years and wears it several times a week. It goes well with any attire, and the details are seen well without being up close. It is very light, but lays well on the chest because the other side is flat. <end>  very nice  This is exactly as pictured and it is very nice. I bought this for my son who is very happy with it. It comes on a silver chain which is very nice but I kept it because he used a thicker chain he already had. Great price for the product. Buy it. <end>
 B0007L43AU  Sterling Silver Egyptian Pharaoh Pendant, 1 3/8 inch long ||	  beautiful pendant incorrectly labeled  this is not a pharoah, but khnum, a god of ancient egypt, whose normal image is that of a ram-headed man. see this link for more pics  [...] <end>  beautiful  I wear this pendant on a daily basis for about 4 years now. It is in very good conditions and real. <end>
 B0007L79CY  Sterling Silver Labradorite and Black Onyx Drop Stone Amulet Pendant ||	  Not very sturdy.  It's very pretty, but the stone fell out fairly quickly and after about a month (occasional wear), the metal between the loop and the top of the pendant bent and then broke. <end>  Just Beautiful  I bought this as an extra Christmas gift & it turned out to be one of her favorites. I wish it had a necklace but we did find something to match. <end>  Nice necklace  The Sterling Silver Labradorite and Black Onyx Drop Stone Amulet Pendant, I ordered is very pretty and is a very nice necklace for the price. And the colors will go with any outfit too.Thanks. Mrs. L. Davis <end>
 B0007L9ZM6  Created Pink Sapphire and Diamond Heart Pendant in 10K White Gold ||	  Pretty but small  It's a cute little necklace, with emphasis on little... Picture is at least twice as large as actual item, maybe 3 times as large. It looks kinda like something for a child, rather than an adult. It is pretty though <end>
 B0007LNEHS  se-ro-czc-7m Sterling Silver 7mm Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Great looking earrings!  These earrings look great for male or female alike! They are a perfect size-not at all too big but definitely not too small. The only thing I could see as a potential negative is the fact that they are really shiny/bright. But I'm sure that changes over time. <end>  Exactly what I was looking for  I bought these earring for my daughter. I was going to purchase an expensive pair but she saw these and wanted to buy it. I took a chance, after all the price was very affordable and when she received them, she loved it. She wears them everyday. Very satisfied purchase. <end>  Awesome  I love them!//Couldn't be happier with the cut, sparkle, and price. These earrings could fool you to thing that they are real diamonds <end>  Simply Stunning!  I was so pleased when I got my shipment in such a timely manner. I was really pleased when I finally got the little box opened and got a chance to look at my treasures! Woohoo, what little dazzlers. I love them! <end>  loved it!!  These earings are very authentic looking. Bought them for my daughter and she absoulutely lives in them. Great buy!! <end>  Really stunning earrings in a believable size.  Very pretty earrings. I bought several and gave them as stocking stuffers. Everyone loved them! <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings were bought as a gift for my daughter-she just loved them! They are really beautiful and sparkle when ever she turns her head! I wouldn't hesitate to buy another pair. <end>  beautiful  got to love these they are stunning my mother loves them for earrings like those you cant beat the price <end>  Sterling Silver CZ 7mm round studs  Beautiful earrings, came pretty quickly, nice quality for a few bucks. Thanks...I would order from this seller again <end>  Beautiful!  These earings are beautiful. It's hard to find good quality earings at a low price, but these are! These are exactly what they looked like online. I will buy from here again. <end>  Dazzling Diamonds  Ok, they're not really diamonds but when they sparkle they defintely can pass for it. They are bigger then the picture actually shows. I love these earrings, i wear them everyday with any outfit. They are defintely worth the price. <end>  Great!  I love them! They are my go-to earrings. Couldn't be happier with the cut, sparkle, and price. Thank you! <end>  Stunning  Beautiful and stunning. I bought thing as a gift and it turned out to be a better buy that expected! The cut reflects light and I think I might want to buy a pair for myself! <end>  Big Earrings  The earrings were great, just what I was looking for. They are bigger in person than on the picture, but again just what I looking for. Very durable. <end>  Excellent!  What a great buy! These earrings look like real diamonds, they're so sparkly. And being diamonds, they go with anything and everything. Perfect size and amazing price. Don't miss out! <end>  Amazing Buy!  These earrings are absolutely gorgeous. The size is perfect, and they sparkle like real diamonds! I get a compliment every time I wear them. <end>  sparkle!  Love these earrings. Not too flashy, but no one has yet to think they are real. Goes with everything. <end>  Perfectly Priced!  I bought these earrings to replace more expensive cubic zirconia studs. I expected a cheap product when I ordered these, but I didn't know just how much cheaper these earrings would appear to be. I think they would be appropriate for teens and young adults. Otherwise, they just look really fake and cheap. I gave 3 stars because they arrived when I needed them to, and they arrived in good condition. Unfortunately, a few days later, one stud fell into the sink and down the drain. I'll be looking for a nicer pair now. <end>  7mm Round CZ  I purchased for my wedding in May, they not only look beautiful, they are just what I needed for that extra little sparkel. They can quickly and with no defects or flaws in the packaging. Can not wait to wear the in May. <end>  not possible to mistake these for real  For $3, no complaints. It's bigger than I would like and it doesn't have a fraction of the brillance of my quality CZ earrings but I paid a lot more for those and everyone thought those were real. It's been over 7 years and still everyone thought my quality CZ earring are real; it might be worth it to get better quality CZ. <end>  BIG Beautiful!!! GREAT PRICE!!!  These earrings are GORGEOUS!! They are so sparkly and clear and arrived very quickly after purchase. WHAT A DEAL!! <end>  Great Product for the price!  I got these for my daughter for Christmas and she loves them. I love them too. Great price, they are a bit large, but very pretty and attractive. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful. A bit larger than I wanted but they are very nicely made and the sparkle is beautiful. <end>  Beautiful . . .size too big for me  I've been looking for cz earrings that could maybe pass for the real thing - well . . .these are outstanding!! I will wear them around the holidays, but for every day wear they are just too big a 'statement' for me ) I will be reordering in a smaller size, but not sure about the friction backs (they bother my ears). But don't hesitate to purchase these earrings in a size that is just right for you - you will NOT be disappointed! <end>  Brilliant choice  I bought these as a gift for my daughter-in-law. I thought they were absolutely wonderful. Too bad I don't have pierced ears, or I would have gotten some for myself! <end>  poor quality  The stones are shiny but the pin made my ear ache and swollen. I will never wear them again. <end>  Dont take the Chance..  The product seemed as if it was a good buy...so i walk down to my local post office to pick up my package open it and its no earrings in the package...i dont know if some 1 at the post office stole it or if they forgot to package my stuff but now im out of 15 dollars <end>  good value,, prompt service  very attractive earrings, nicely packaged, reasonable price, recieved promptly. would buy from this vender again! nancy f in lutherville,md <end>  great earrings!  these earrings are bigger than i generally wear. i have 3 holes in each of my ears, i like to wear cubic's in the higher hole. these are ideal.they aren't too big or too small. <end>  Great for all wardrobes!  These earrings are perfect with jeans, work wear & dressing up for an evening on the town!They are what they are, CZ & Sterling Silver, no one will be fooled that they are real diamonds but they still sparkle and bedazzle any outfit while keeping it real! <end>  Cheap and pretty.  Not much more to say. It looks decent and doesn't cost much. Great costume jewelry for my daughter... <end>  Love this Service  I don't regret ever ordering from here because i get the best product i can ever think of and their service it just so great and they deliver the products within 2 days which is awesome.Love it <end>  Best $3.00 I've Ever Spent!  I bought these earrings to replace another pair of CZ studs that I have owned for years, which cost me around $30. I am not the biggest fan of purchasing jewelry online (real or otherwise,) but figured that for $3.00, it wasn't all that much of a risk.When they arrived (very quickly by the way) I was quite pleasantly surprised! They are a nice, substantial size and quality! They are also very brilliant. I don't know whether or not they will pass for real diamonds...but who cares? When I wear them, I am happy and that is all that matters anyway!For $3.00, you really can't go wrong here. They are great for everyday, as well as for dressy occasions.I mean really.......when you've spent $3.00 on something that sparkles and looks pretty, are you even really "allowed" to complain? <end>  LOVE them  I love these earrings! Well worth the money and it is affordable enough that these earrings look close to real. I wear them all the time. I also bought the aquamarine pair, but that pair is not as sparkling as this one. The earrings came quicker than I thought and when I open the box, it brought a big smile on my face. As you can see I'm real happy with the purchase. <end>  Nice and Cheap  Okay, so I was looking around to buy some nice classy diamond earrings and came across these. Duh, they are not diamonds, but they are very beautiful. The light reflects off of them with so much brilliance and for only $3, who can complain?I only wish these came in white gold instead of sterling silver from the same trustworthy company.I'm still looking for my perfect pair of diamond earrings, but for now, these are a very dazzling substitute. <end>  Bigger than expected  These are very pretty and much more than I expected for the cost. I took them out of the box and wore them last night. They really sparkle. <end>  Great buy - Well worth the money!  For $3 earring I was very happy with them. They're a little larger than I expected so it'll be harder to pass them off as real, but they sparkle and the setting is nicely made. Well worth the money. <end>  excellent  my sister is so happy with this gift. she like so much and she receive this so quickly.she toll me that wear all the time. <end>  beautiful earrings  These earrings look wonderful and are quite big and noticable. The zirconia sparkes wonderfully in sunlight. I think they are a great value at this price. I got one pair for me and another for a gift. My friend liked them a lot. <end>  Very nice quality  I gave these to my 27 year old daughter. She wanted something to wear everyday that looks appropriate, day and night. She really likes them. They are shiny and well made. I think they might be a little too big to be believable, but she doesn't mind that people will probably know they are CZ. <end>  Shiney Earrings  I was a little disappointed in the quality of this studded earrings. I love the size of the stone but the stones in both earrings seem to be a little lose so I am sure they won't last long. <end>  Stunning!  These earrings are as advertised! Beautiful sparkle and generous size, yet not gaudy in the least. Order them, you'll love them! <end>  great shine & good size!  They are the right size & came out looking exactly like as shown in the picture. They are good for daily/casual use & a very good buy for the price. I would recoomend them! Also, the order arrived propmtly. <end>  I love these earings!  These earrings are exactly what I wanted, they are some of the shiniest CZ earrings I have ever purchased. The silver is wonderful and they work great. Thanks Gem Avenue! <end>  Perfect for your girlfriend!  They're very nice and my girlfriend looks like a movie star / porn star. Lol... Kidding, she looks like a very chic and stylish girl! <end>  Earrings were good  Was hard to judge what they'd look like online, but I was happy with them, and they came packaged very nicely. Came in time for Christmas. <end>  Looks fine  Looks fine for the price, but if you know diamonds, you can tell either its not a good quality diamond or its fake. Since I do wear 'real' diamonds, there is definitely a difference. But unless someone comes up to you (hug or kissing distance), they probably will not be able to tell. Good to just wear on vacation so you won't lose the real ones. Post backing stays on post very well and not loose. <end>  Excellent Earrings, Even Better Price  These earrings were perfectly on time, and very stunning too. Very hapy with my purchase. <end>  stunning purchase  Im a satisfied customer, this earrings are very cute, high quality. Good size, Im really happy with this product . Thanks <end>  EXTRAORDINARY  Prices are incredible! Quality of items is wonderful and shipping was very fast. Earrings were beautiful & super sparkly, I will definitely buy from again soon in the future!! Would definitely recommend to everyone! Thanks for the great deal! <end>  Clarity at such a great price! You cannot tell if they are real or not!  I thought the $2.99 price would make them very cheap glass but instead find them gem quality and a better clarity than the real thing even in sunlight. I tested it to a 3 ct real African diamond!!! <end>  Great value for the price!  Eventually the studs will fall out, but they last a while and seem worth it for the price that you pay. <end>  BUY THEM  I had been looking at studs for months. I finally saw these and i got the 7mm and the 8mm. The 7mm is just the right size and just the right sparkle for everyday wear. The 8mm is a little larger. I would wear those to a get together or nice event to take the place of your real diamond studs. I am glad i went with those studs great price great find. <end>  Beautiful Stud Earrings  Simply a beautiful product! All of my friends believe they're real diamond studs. Who am I to correct them. I am prone to losing a stud here and there. In addition to looking good, these studs are also perfectly priced! <end>  awesome purchase  I can't see how anyone could find a better deal anywhere. Most of my jewelry is silver. For $10.00 I got two pair of lovely "studs" that I would challenge anyone to say, don't look real. This included postage, etc.They arrived earlier than expected, well packaged in little gift boxes. I would buy from this company now, over and over. Whether it's for gifts or personal use, it's an excellent way to purchase VERY affordable jewelry. <end>  Fire and ice color!  These are a great pair of earrings, the color and quality are wonderful. The best part ,though, is the incredible price! A great gift for bridal shower guests! <end>  Beautiful and priceless  The earrings I bought were beautiful and I recieved them quickly! I just love wearing them! They sparkle beautifully and I get lots of compliments! <end>  Great for the price  I bought these for my wife to wear when we are out in the woods, water skiing etc. I know the easy answer is to simply not wear ear rings, but you haven't met my wife. She won't go to the bathroom without her make-up.On to the ear rings... These look almost as nice as the real diamond ear rings she has at roughly 1/30 the price, and double the size. The backing does get dull after some time, but polishes up easily. They are very clear and sparkle surprisingly brightly.The finish is a bit rough on the back, but for the price they are amazing. If you have a younger daughter who is likely to lose them, or want to look nice when roughing it these are perfect. If worn out at night they pass as real as well. Just avoid the noon day sun and no one will know the difference. <end>  better job with the earrings  the earrings r nice ,but the back part r 2 small 2 put on [2 small for the hands]not good!!!!! <end>  Perfect  They were a great cut and really sparkly! but not so sparkly that they seemed like the walmart junk. I bought them for my boyfriend and they were the perfect size and cut for him and I really liked that they were sterling silver, he can be kind of sensitive to metals and these didn't bother him a bit! <end>  Fashionable!  I bought the earings after watching a television actor sport something similar to these. Ordered them and they arrived very quickly. The quality and price were also excellent. Upon wearing the earings, I felt as if I was a movie star. I now feel extremely fashionable!  -) Highly recommended! <end>  Cubic earrings  Nice earrings, nice packaging, nice first gift for a girl who has a taste for bling but no budget for it. <end>  fell apart  I had them for a week and the gem started to get loose and then finally it fell out after about a week and a half.... DO NOT BUY THESE! <end>  7M Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Earrings  Initially I was happy until my son wore them for a few months. Then I wasn't really impressed with them. Yes, they looked nice and sparkly. BUT they turned my son's ears a nasty color. I had to buy another pair of Sterling Silver ones somewhere else for roughly a couple of dollars more and they have Not turned my son's ears strange colors. Makes me wonder what kind of "Sterling Silver" they were. <end>  Pretty earrings...  Love them and will buy more. They don't hurt my ears and look very nice on. So glad to have found them. I have lost so many and have to say I don't want to lose these but it won't hurt so much. Price is so right. <end>  GREAT BUY!  If your looking for a nice and simple gift, this is deffintely the product to purchase. Comes close to a real diamond which what made me get it while saving myself some money <end>  seroczc 7 m 7 m round clear cubic zirconia 925 sterling silver post stud earings  they aren't purchased for myself but my sister seemed to like them okay,for the price and lazy to go to shop for these at the store they are ok,again they were for my family and as gifts they do ok. <end>  pretty  these are so pretty, and i got them a week before i was told i would. i tend to lose earrings so i figured i would get some cheap one that i wouldnt care if i lost. well these are way better than i expected and they look just like the picture. they are not to big or to small. they are just right! <end>  Nice  I bought this as a gift and the wife likes them. Can't go wrong for three bucks. <end>  Nice look, not guady, sized to look real  Perfect size to look great. My wife has a great ring... and having this completes the ensemble. And these are sized right to look proportionate and no one would ever question whether these are natural. Perfect size. <end>  BEAUTIFUL EARRINGS AT A GREAT PRICE!!!!!!!  THESE EARRINGS ARE PERFECT FOR EVERYDAY WEAR OR FOR A NIGHT ON THE TOWN. I LOVE THEM. <end>  looks like the real thing  these earrings are perfect. They look like the real thing. They are just the right size to look real and they look good if you dress up or wear jeans. <end>  7mm CZ earrings  Great buy! Very bright, sparkly! They tend to hang down because of their size, weight and small earring back/clasp. Recommend using a larger (disc) back. <end>  I LOVE these earrings!  I originally purchased these earrings to wear to a Sex and the City party (I went as Charlotte) and these earrings are just so cute and great I wear them constantly now! These are a fantastic buy, especially for us poor college types! Don't even think about it...just buy them! You will NOT regret it! <end>  beautiful  the earrings were much more beautiful than i had expected. I bought them for my younger sister for christmas, and when i took them out of the packaging i was almost tempted to keep them for myself! <end>  perfect like no other  if you want simple silver stud earrings at a very cheap and affordable cost, then this is the one to get! No rip offs, guaranteed to look good for anyone ( guy or girl) and they fit perfectly. <end>  Love them!  I loved this earrings. When i purchased them i read everyones reviews first and i thought they where going to be too big. Not at all!. I think ill also buy the 8mm ones. the size is perfect. They can be passed as diamonds at a distance specially if you are wearing them with other cz stuff. Also the price is way too good to say no. <end>  Beautiful  Exactly what I orderd. Received it sooner than estimated. Love them they sparkle and shine! I feel like I got a REAL bargain!! <end>  Bigger than expected  I ordered these to use for my cartlidge. THey are super cute and great price. But didnt expect them to be this big. Not complaining. They still work, and very cute. <end>  The Real Shine  I gave these to my daughter for her birthday, along with the square ones. She loves them! They look beautiful. One day I hope to buy her the real thing. They came very quick. <end>  Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got!  These were much bigger than I expected! And when you're in the dark club no one is gonna inspect your jewelry for authenticity. Really, it's costume jewelry. But no one asked me if they were real. They just said, "Damn, you a baller, huh?" LOL Jokes on you, punk. Only thing is you have to be very careful with these. I took them out one night and put them in my pocket and the next day the stud had gotten bent and the stone had come out. The stud itself is very delicate. Other than that I can't complain. It did the trick and gave the illusion that I was in a better financial situation than I am and gave my outfit that nice little touch. <end>  Nice earring for the price.  This is a nice cubic zirconia earring that passes for a diamond. Big enough to be noticed but not big enough for people to stare. They look like they will last a few years anyway so overall good purchase for the money. <end>  Great  Great item and my girl friend like iti recommended it to anyone who like stud Earring and it is shiny like diamondbuy this and don't be hesitated. <end>  Nice earrings  The earrings are big and shinning, good for everyday wearing. I love them, and won't worry about the lost like I worry about the expensive stones. <end>  Love these!  I love these earrings. I have had them for about 2 weeks and have worn them everyday. They are very sparkly. I have very sensitive ears and they don't bother my ears. <end>  nice!  Just what I wanted...these earings look like $1000 studs to everyone and only I know how affordable they were! Highly recommended! <end>  Love these!  These are perfect, love the size (not HUGE but big enough to be noticed)! I am happy with the quality and price of these as well. These are great, everyday earrings. I had these on my wish list forever and am glad I finally got them. <end>
 B0007LU8EK  Sterling silver belly button ring surround ||	  Very cool  I got it cause it looked cool. When it is loose it does not sit right. <end>
 B0007LVWZE  Classic Double Groove Titanium Band - Choose your Size ||	  good stuff  I just received the ring and am excited to write my positive feedback. DiMarco worked with Amazon in a very prompt and efficient manner. They quickly delivered a great quality product. I'm excited to have such a special piece that bonds me to my love. <end>  I LOVE THIS RING  This was purchased as my husbands wedding ring. He was looking at a much higher priced, similar style ring and we decided on this one due to it's price. When it arrived, it was of good craftsmanship, the correct size, very stunning actually. He says it is very comfortable to wear due to the inside convexity. I would recommend this man's ring for any couple who needs a wedding ring, and an affordable one! <end>  Highly recommended!  This is a fantastic bargain for such a high quality and stylish ring. It's a little darker than shown in the pictures, but is still a real beauty. It also fits wonderfully; I know that a person of two commented on it being too large, but my boyfriend and I went to a jewelry store to have his finder size measured and we went with that size rather than the do-it-yourself measuring system (there was a difference between the two measurements, by the way). We are both very happy with this ring purchase! <end>  Beautiful Titanium!  I ordered two rings and received them promptly. They were both beautiful and well-crafted. The problem was, neither one of them fit and were too big. When I contacted the maker about exchanging them for the correct sizes, I was informed that there would be a "resizing" fee and a large shipping fee. Therefore, a word of caution, be absolutely sure the ring size that you order is correct. <end>  excellent buy!!  We had been looking for over a year for our wedding bands. Needed something to match and in BOTH of our sizes. My size is very hard to find (5.75)...finally we found what we were looking for here.its been almost 6 months and the product is still awesome. Thank you. <end>
 B0007LVX2Q  Classic Double Groove Titanium Band - Choose your Size ||	  good stuff  I just received the ring and am excited to write my positive feedback. DiMarco worked with Amazon in a very prompt and efficient manner. They quickly delivered a great quality product. I'm excited to have such a special piece that bonds me to my love. <end>  I LOVE THIS RING  This was purchased as my husbands wedding ring. He was looking at a much higher priced, similar style ring and we decided on this one due to it's price. When it arrived, it was of good craftsmanship, the correct size, very stunning actually. He says it is very comfortable to wear due to the inside convexity. I would recommend this man's ring for any couple who needs a wedding ring, and an affordable one! <end>  Highly recommended!  This is a fantastic bargain for such a high quality and stylish ring. It's a little darker than shown in the pictures, but is still a real beauty. It also fits wonderfully; I know that a person of two commented on it being too large, but my boyfriend and I went to a jewelry store to have his finder size measured and we went with that size rather than the do-it-yourself measuring system (there was a difference between the two measurements, by the way). We are both very happy with this ring purchase! <end>  Beautiful Titanium!  I ordered two rings and received them promptly. They were both beautiful and well-crafted. The problem was, neither one of them fit and were too big. When I contacted the maker about exchanging them for the correct sizes, I was informed that there would be a "resizing" fee and a large shipping fee. Therefore, a word of caution, be absolutely sure the ring size that you order is correct. <end>  excellent buy!!  We had been looking for over a year for our wedding bands. Needed something to match and in BOTH of our sizes. My size is very hard to find (5.75)...finally we found what we were looking for here.its been almost 6 months and the product is still awesome. Thank you. <end>
 B0007LWIFM  Southwestern Tiny and Cute Horse or Pony Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver suitable for children and adults, #2516 ||	  Perfect for a little girl  These are just darling. They are tiny and perfect for my 7 year olds little ears. They are shiny and nicely detailed. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Perfect for your horse lover.  Beautifully detailed and shining as only sterling silver shines, I am extremely pleased with this product. I bought this for my fiance for X-mas. This little ponies will make a wonderful gift or a great stocking stuffer. I bought them to go with the "Running Horse Pony Sterling Silver Pendant" which I also purchased at Amazon. If you have a horse lover that wears pierced earrings, this would be a perfect gift and you can find many other horse related jewelry items on Amazon.com to go with these earrings <end>  Nice earrings!  The earrings are cute - they are a gift for my niece! One looks a little discolored but it probably just needs to be polished. They are adorable! I think that she will love them! <end>  perfect size for children  these earrings are adorable and are even smaller than i expected (which is a good thing). my horse-obsessed daughter loves them, and they look very dainty and sweet on her ears. I was also pleasantly surprised with the packaging, as they came in a box suitable for gift-giving along with jewelry care instruction. <end>  She Loves Them!  I bought these little cuties for my 11-year-old horse loving daughter for Christmas. She absolutely loves them. I love the craftmanship. They're tiny, but very well made. And I feel it was a wise choice on my part to buy these stud earrings.Tiny & Cute Sterling Silver Horse Stud Earrings, #2516 <end>  Poor quality  I purchased these for my daughter. The finish came off and we had to discard them. I realize they weren't expensive, but I certainly expected them to last longer than a few weeks. <end>  Horse earrings  I love these earrings, they're cute, fun and I love horses and working in a daycare I can't wear dangly earrings so I am always looking for fun stud/post type earrings. <end>  Product is just as advertised  These are delightful. I so enjoy seeing my eight year-old wearing them. They look delicate in the picture but are well-made. They look just like the picture when she wears them. <end>  Nice earrings for the money.  Purchased for a friend of mine. Nicer than expected. Price was reasonable and they shipped fast. Would recommend this item. <end>  JEWELRY  These were too small and quickly lost their luster. The detailing was pretty but they were absolutely too small. Maybe they'd work for children but I believe not for adults. Also, the post broke on one of them and the only way to repair was to take to jeweler. Not worth the expense! <end>  excellent  at first i thought these were small but when installed in the appropriate spot, they look good. wife looks good all the time...lol <end>  perfect petite gift  These were a Christmas gift for my 6-year old. She loves them and has gotten several compliments on them already. The size is perfect for a child's ear, or for someone who prefers a dainty earring. We did opt to use some of the clear rubbery replacement backs instead of the originals but that is my daughter's preference, and had nothing to do with the quality of the original backs. Considering what we paid for this set, I was very pleased with the overall quality, size, details and finish. <end>  Cute but back fell off and lost earing.  These are super cute, but when my daughter wore them the back fell off and she lost one earing. She is really disappointed. <end>  Cute, not BEST quality  These earrings are cute and fun for a girl's collection! The only negative things I have to say are that it's just a little bit hard to tell what they are at first, and the finish has gotten a little darker... other than that, they are nice! <end>  Size does matter . . .  I was a little disappointed in the size. They are so small that you cannot even tell what they are when you are wearing them. I wish I would have paid more attention to the detailed description. <end>  Sterling silver horse stud earrings  I bought these for my 10 year old grand daughter. She loves them! They are a nice size with really nice detail. I would recommend them. <end>  Cute Horse Stud Earrings  The earrings were a birthday gift for my Granddaughter. She is 7 years old and they are getting horses. She is learning how to act and re-act around them. So now she likes "horse stuff". She totally loved the earrings. She had to have them on right away. There were perfect for a little person. Nice workmanship, and they really shine. <end>  Daughter loves them  They are fairly nice. Perfect for my 2 year old daughter. I'm sure I will have to buy more as she loses them. <end>  excellent  These silver stud earrings were a gift for my 7 year old granddaughter and she loves them. They are quite small, perfect jewelry for a girl. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  Cute Earrings  Bought these earrings for my 7 year old granddaughter. They were well made and sturdy; just the right size for small ears. My granddaughter absolutely loved them; so much so, that she put them on immediately after opening the package. You can't go wrong with these. <end>  Perfect Sweet Beautiful  I have multiple ear piercings and these tiny exquisite post earrings are perfect for my second earrings. The earrings are light and beautifully detailed. I love them!!!!!!!! Perfect for horse lovers young and old!!!!! <end>  Earrings  The earrings are cute as could be, but the backs come off very easily. I expected something more secure considering they are children's earrings. Every time my daughter pulls her shirt over her head they both fall out & we spend 10 minutes looking for them on the floor. She only wears them now on special occasions instead of every day like she did at first. <end>  perfect for 7 year old horse lover  Purchased the adorable little earrings for my 7 year old. They look great, not too big for her little ears but big girl looking at the same time. She loves them and gets compliments on them all the time. <end>  great item  The little earrings are adorable. There was a little problem with the shipping, but it was not the seller's fault. When they realized I had still not received the item when specified, they were VERY nice and shipped another one ASAP. <end>
 B0007M5S6C  14 karat Yellow gold nose bone ||	  The Stone Fell Out...  I wore this nose bone for 3 days and everything was fine until the CZ stone fell out, and I lost it down the sink! I would be very leery of buying this product because the prongs might not be closed tight enough on yours & you'll lose your stone down the sink as well! Also you won't be able to return this item because you will have already opened that all important "heat sealed" packaging. Other than my stone falling out of the prongs this nose bone is awesome. It fit very close to the nose and it's very compact. But still... DON'T BUY. WATCH OUT. <end>
 B0007MXZ6W  Sterling Silver Vintage Look Marcasite Frog Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Frog Ring  I was looking for awhile for a frog ring. I don't like big bulky jewelry. Saw online and immediately liked it. Was delivered quickly and when I received it I loved it.Its small and flat and does not get caught on anything and can wear 24-7. <end>  froggy ring  bought this to replace one I have been wearing for years which lost a few marcasites...got the first one after the death of my 16 year old daughter who was a major frog collecter...needless to say, lot's of sentimental value..never take it off. <end>  got it as a gift  the ring its self is nice.but the thing that confuses is me is why these rings are sized 10 or 9 or lower. i got the biggest size to be safe (9 i think), and the stupid ring looked like it could barley fit a 5 year old. its as if they expect you to have skeleton sized fingers.theres no way the ring was a size nine if so then a size fize according to this ring is the radius of a pencil <end>
 B0007NBT2S  Sterling Silver Tear Drop Clear Cubic Zirconia 3mm Band Solitaire Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10 ||	  Absolutely AMAZING  I received this ring 3 days ago and I have had SO MANY COMPLIMENTS on it!! People keep asking if it's real!! I LOVE IT!!!! <end>  Wonderful Ring  I just received this ring yesterday and I am very happy. It's a delicate and elegant ring, with a wonderful sparkle and it came in the cutest little gift box! Although it won't pass for the real thing, it's a very pretty ring, especially for the price! <end>  absolutely gorgeous  This ring is gorgeous!!!! It looks like the real thing set in white gold. I had a real one years ago and the stone fell out and I never found it or replaced it. I prefer gold over silver but this ring is so real looking I don't care. I like the setting too and the way it sparkles is amazing. Most of all, there's no way you can beat this price. I think I'll order the set that comes with 4 rings. That is a real bargain for sure at $25.99 with only 1 shipping charge. They look just as pretty as this one. Thank you gem for making my day!!! <end>  beautiful cz  i really like this ring. the cz is excellent quality and really sparkles. it is quite a good size too. a real bargain. you will love it. <end>  LOVE IT!  I love this ring, it is so simple and clean and it looks absolutely beautiful on!! No one believes me when I tell them the price, so from now on I'll let them think I spent a fortune. if you're looking at this ring and can't decide...BUY IT!!! You won't be disappointed! <end>  great ring  Very pretty ring with flawless colorless stone. Looks better than some expensive diamonds i've seen. Great service and quick delivery dispite holiday weekend. I ordered it around the 4th of July. Would order from them again and recommend to friends. <end>  Smiling again!  Due to troubling finances, I had to sell my engagement and wedding rings last Spring. My hand felt naked after 30 years, and I was very depressed. While fantasy shopping on Amazon, I came across this ring and seeing the price, thought "what the heck!?" I also ordered a 4mm plain silver band from the same vendor for a total of less than $18.00. The rings arrived as promised, and look really nice. I love the band on the solitaire, and while the stone is not real, you have to get up close to see that.Thank you, Gem Avenue, for putting a smile back on my face!  ) <end>  VERY pretty ring!!!!!!  The tear drop ring is VERY pretty at a very reasonable, affordable price! I'll definitely buy from Gem Avenue again (& again)!!! <end>  Stunning  This is a 'must have' for us poor people who can not afford the real thing. The cut of the diamond looks so real. Even my daughter couldn't believe how little I paid for this. Thanks <end>  Impressive for the price  This was actually a gag gift for my wife's birthday, but the ring really is quite nice. She's worn it from time-to-time for fun. <end>  Thank Goodness, It Fits!  I have always been hard to buy rings for because I like silver instead of gold and I have short fat fingers. When I found this site and saw the wonderful range of sizes, I was in heaven. This ring was a surprise find for me because I don't usually like stones...or their facsimiles. It fits my finger as if I tried it on before I bought it. That and the price were beyond what I could ever hope for. Thanks. <end>  Good Stuff, quick delivery.  The merchandise was beautiful, and the shipping was surprisingly quick. I'd order from them again. <end>  Very Believable  I bought this ring recently and the stone and setting is gorgeous! The ONLY thing that I don't like it the flatter shape band. I like a raised band on a solitaire but that is a personal preference and in no way reflects the quality of the item. For the price, I would highly recommend!! <end>  Disappointed  After hours of searching for a basic, clean ring, I found this and thought it would look beautiful on my hand.When I received it, it was not the right size. This may or may not have been the jewelers fault, who claimed the ring I tried on was a size 5.The settings were also twisted, making the Zirconia itself look bent and shifted to the right.I will be sending this back.Update  I tried going through the process of returning, but it turned out to be more of a hassle than it was worth.Knowing I would have to pay for shipping to send it back, then have to pay the fee for the post office to send it out- it just wasn't worth the hassle to only receive a couple of dollars back. <end>  Better Than the Real Thing!  All I can say is STUNNING! The ring is better than I even expected. I received a free amazon gift card and only had $15.00...So I thought I would browse the cz rings for fun and saw this one.I have a genuine 1.05 carat diamond and it appears smaller than this 1 carat cz! The quality of the stone is wonderful too! At first I thought it looked to "white" or "clear" to look real, but I placed it next to my real diamond and they look exactly the same! It fit perfectly, looked perfect and is now my new wedding ring! I am only worried about the sterling silver tarnishing is all.Definately will buy from again, I only wish they had 14K gold items! This is a MUST for anyone looking for a believable engagement ring! <end>  Awesome!  I just received this beauty and WOW! I coupled this with some stackable cz and tanzanite rings and I must say, I couldn't BELIEVE how real and gorgeous it looks! WHAT A GREAT DEAL! Definitely recommend it for those of us who love the look and can't afford the real thing. <end>  Very Pretty Ring  I'm not to sure what a real diamond this size would even look like, but this ring is really pretty. The stone looks real and its very shiny. <end>  Not even worth $13  This is a very cheap looking ring. The band may be 3mm wide, by it's less than .10mm thick. It is bent more oval than round, and the stone setting looks to have been welding on by a child. I wanted to wear this as an alternative to my wedding band, but the stone is so small. It's supposed to be 1 carat, but it looks smaller than my .80 carat solitare.I am sad about this ring, and I think I may return it. I will purchase something from QVC instead. <end>  Beautiful ring!!!  I received this ring just before New Years Eve, and have already gotten so many compliments on it. It is prettier than I expected and looks so real. I am very happy with this seller and will use them again in the future. I would highly recommend Gem Avenue to anyone, and recommend the purchase of this ring. Thanks so much for the prompt delivery. Thanks for the quality product. <end>  Never expected this!  Let me just say that I never expected to get a ring from my now fiancee but when he proposed with this ring I was stunned. I thought that he had spent thousands and I knew we couldn't afford it. When he told me that this was the ring I knew that I had to leave this review. I love this ring. The picture doesn't do it justice!  ) <end>  Very good buy.....  I bought this ring for my fiancee and she loved it,it was just what i was looking for,at a great price also. I am very pleased with the ring.buy buy buy is what i suggest........ <end>
 B0007NGI56  Sterling Silver Dove Pin ||	  Soar with Inspiration for Your Soul  The dove pin inspired me to write a positive review. I never feel too certain about ordering online from pictures - 'you just never know what it really looks like.' I was blown away by how beautiful, simple and sturdy the dove pin is. It absolutely exceeded my expectations. And furthermore the packaging is elegant. It comes pinned to a beautiful red ribbon in a small turquoise bag - in a lovely turquoise box. Opening it was a delight. Love it! <end>
 B0007NI1QK  SCER009 Sterling Silver Lavender Blue and Clear Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful Crystals  The light just catches these crystals and they seem to dance. The combination of lavender blue and clear are beautiful. <end>  Beautiful!  These were ordered for my daughter for a Christmas gift. She absolutely loved them. Also purchased the Celtic Blue Topaz earnings and they were also a hit. Shopping at Amazon was so easy and I didn't have to fight traffic shopping at the mall. <end>  nicer than they appear  These earrings are light in weight and dangle nicely from comfortable and secure leverbacks. The colors are pure and when the light catches them they almost twinkle. I am most satisfied with the earrings and the company that shipped them in two days. They came in a sturdy, pretty and giftable box. They are winners in my book! {also come in a variety of colors} <end>  Picture doesn't do them justice  This is the first product I've received where the picture doesn't do the product justice. I ordered these for my niece and I know she will love them. There so cute, I may get another pair just for me. <end>  Beautiful!!!  These earrings are just gorgeous! I bought these as a gift and will be purchasing a pair for myself - they are so pretty in the light and are beautiful shades of purple and blue. Go ahead and get them! <end>  Exactly as advertised, don't forget to buy the bracelet!  My wife bought this for her mom, when it came in I noticed it looked EXACTLY like the picture and my wife smiled and said "Oh yeah..." She was pretty happy with it, don't forget to buy the bracelet, too! <end>  Perfect Fit  I bought these for my 12 y/o daughter. I was afraid they would be too long. They are the perfect size. They feel and look like they are sturdy and well made. Take them out in the sun and they sparkle. These are stocking stuffers for Chistmas. I know I will get a big hug and a "Thank you Santa" on 12/25/09. <end>  Lovely!  Bought these on a whim to match a blue sweater I like to wear. I've had SOOO many compliments on these earrings. They have flash & sparkle but not gawdy. Can wear them with several outfits. They are very nice & price was reasonable. <end>  I like what I bought, they sparkle and shine nicely  I bought two different styles of ear rings for and outfit that has sequnce and beading. I wanted something pretty that would blend with the style of the outfit. I bought on set that I felt was more casual and a second pair with more classic design and dressier. I think I will be wearing both sets lots but the classic with go with the outfit and not look like I am trying to go over the top. Glad I got them, will eventually look for bracelets too. <end>  Great looking Swarovski Earrings  I gifted it to my wife birthday with the set of Chain and bracelet, she loves it. And lot of people appriciated the looks. There is no doubt this is Swarovski. Buy with confidence you will love it. <end>  Great gift for my wife  I just bought this for my wife during valentine day. Although this wasn't the valentine gift but it was a surprise to her from me. She was delighted to see this one.The seller was also very quick to ship the package. <end>  Lavender Blue and Clear Crystal earrings  These earrings are lovely, they have a great sparkle to them, especially in the sunlight.They made a wonderful Christmas present for my friend. She likes them very much. <end>  Very Pretty  My fiancee was very happy with these earrings and she's gotten several compliments from people on them. Worth the $. Box that it comes in is pretty ghetto, but that doesn't really matter. <end>  Very pleased  Bought these as a gift and they look exactly like in the picture. Seem pretty durable. Everything you expected of it and as described. Not overly large. <end>  Misleading, but cute  Like many of the other customer reviews, I agree that the "crystals" are not much more than plastic. The picture is also misleading because the beads look like they are dangling off the earrings, free to move around. However, this is not the case; the beads are completely stationary and do not move at all. The only way they could move is if you manually turn/twist the beads around the single post that goes through them.Although the beads and the aesthetic design are lacking, the lever-back metal quality is very good. Putting the earrings on is simple, and the lever is very secure and strong. I don't feel as if the lever-back mechanism will break or wear down anytime soon. It is also designed so that it would be very difficult to lose the beads or separate the dangling part from the earring. It is great for me because I wear out my earrings pretty easily, and these earrings feel very strong and secure--not easy to break or fall apart. In the end, I feel that it is barely worth the sale price, but definitely would not be worth the full price. <end>  Pleased  These were a gift for a 13 year old and she seemed to like them so I'm pleased overall.However, the description says Swarovski Crystal, but it looks like plastic to me.Not quite as pretty in person as they look online.I would have given it four stars, but felt misled by the description. <end>  Beautiful Earings  I was so thrilled when I open the box and saw these earings. The earings are well constructed, no loose stones and the clasp is good quality. I am proud to give these as a gift! I will buy from this company again! <end>  Crystal beauty  The photo of these crystal earrings almost did them justice. When I opened the box, I was so pleased to see craftsmanship that would normally cost more than this purchase price. I love the style, shape, and color! And the company's shipping was so fast! I will be looking for more jewelry from Gem Avenue. <end>  My New Favorites  Lavender Blue And Clear Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle EarringsThese earrings are so beautiful that everyone notices them and comments on their beauty! <end>  Great earrings!  I think these earrings are justgreat. The color and sparkle arejust the thing for anything youwear. <end>  Perfect!  These were a gift for Christmas last year and I love them. They look beautiful on and are very light and comfortable. You will not regret this purchace! Perfect for any occasion and the look awesome when wearing navy blue! <end>  Very pretty  These earrings are just as pictured. The subtle differences in colors between the crystals are lovely, and the tones are beautiful. They were a gift, and the relative who received them really loved them. I would definitely order again for another gift. <end>  Very Pretty  The item came in a bag in a nice box. Packaging was nice as this was given as a gift. They were really pretty and sparkly despite some of the negative comments on the item and my friend absolutely loved them! I almost didn't want to give them to her and might have to order myself a pair =) They are nice to dress up or dress down. Great buy! <end>  it's okay  not that big as i thought through looking picture. and the shape is not exactly the same with the picture. but the cut is beautiful. <end>  Beautiful  Love these earrings - so much I ordered 3 different pair! Very pretty and versatile - casual or dressy! They are a must have!! <end>  Love them!  The earrings are exactly as pictured; beautiful! They are quickly becoming my favorite earrings. I will continue to shop this site for other lovely pieces in the future. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  I ordered earrings for a Christmas gift for a girl who's 14 (and loves girly things). I know she will love these. Not only are they her colors, but will look perfect on her. Plus they have the nice closing hooks, which is nice for any earrings. I've lost qute a few that just hook through. I hope she can wear them for years. <end>  received wrong item  books instead of earrings  here too  instead of bracelet with earrings I received books, and returned them immediately, but did not receive refund yet, will call Amazon to get refund to my card. But I wanted earrings, they look really nice, I like the colors. <end>  Excellent accessory to wear on a date... just watch the clasp!  They were exactly as pictured and I am not disappointed at all.My only niggler is that this earring plus another earring (SCER155 10mm White Genuine Swarovski Pearl And Swarovski Crystals Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Drop Earrings) came packaged in a LARGE box with bubble wrap. Completely unnecessary!!! As I live outside the US, I had to pay customs to bring it in, and the extra packaging was not appreciated as it cost more.But that aside, the item itself is well worth it. I only wish my social life required it more often! Unlike the other aforementioned earring I purchased at the same time, it does not adapt as well. It's a bit too dressy to wear to the mall with jeans! BUT it is ideal to wear with a slinky black or white dress on a date!It's also a bit pricier than my usual budget for jewelry of this type, but worth it.Very pretty with the different colours, and it looks more expensive than it is.This type of clasp can be a bit tricky at times, so be careful not to break it. <end>  Earrings  These are absolutely beautiful! I got them for a Christmas gift and almost just kept them for myself! Exquisite work and sparkley and shiney! They came in the mail just in time for the holidays! <end>  Pretty earrings  Love these earrings. Look like several pieces, but is all one. Easy on and off and look so nice on. <end>  FABULOUS GEMS AND JEWELRY AT A FANTASTIC PRICE  My husband was the one that actually ordered these beautiful earrings for me. They are breathlessly beautiful and priced far below comparable jewelry I have seen in the jewelry cases at Penny's or even Walmart. If you men out there are looking for an inexpensive gift that has all of the looks of expensive, buy 'em and fool 'em! <end>  Very pretty  Keep in mind that these earrings aren't particularly large, but for me they were the perfect size. Lovely quality, beautiful colors. Am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Disappointing  I received this item as a Christmas gift after putting it on my wish list. I'm very disappointed because the colors are so light. Online the colors look fairly rich but in person they are almost nonexistent. Definitely not worth the money. <end>  Swarovski crystal earring + set  The complete set---earrings, necklace, pendant---go very well with everything you want to wear. I'm glad I did buy the set. <end>  Love them  I ordered these earrings for my 11 year old daughter's birthday. She was thrilled, the colors are beautiful, and they are very comfortable to wear. <end>  Earrings  i thought these were pretty in the photo, but when I got them I thought they were beautiful.... I love them... <end>  Very sparkly!  These are very dainty, sparkly earrings. They're a good size, not too big, not too small, and very lightweight so they don't pull on your earlobes. Very girly, I just love them! <end>  LOVELY IN LAVENDER  I LOVE colorful earrings and these fit the bill. They are lightweight and sparkly and very comfortable to wear. Try them! <end>  Swarovski Crystal earrings  Beautiful product. Very sparkling, elegant earrings to be worn on every occasion. An excellent price-quality ratio.I just love them for their crystal clear lavender color. <end>  Beautiful  I got this for my coworker for her birthday, and she loved it. I have bought those earrings before for a gift, and my friend was happy with it, so I thought it will work for my coworker; she loved it! It is shiny and feels comfortable to the ear. I saw that there is the bracelet online, too. Maybe I can buy that for my coworker for Christmas and make it a set for her. I will recommend those earrings for every day use, but they also work well for going out, too! <end>  very nice  These are really pretty. I like the colors & the quality. They make a good gift for yourself or someone else. <end>  Crystal earrings  These were bought as a gift for my daughter to match an outfit for a special occasion, and she loved them. They are well-made with beautiful color and hang perfectly on her ears. When she wore them, I noticed how they caught the light and framed her face with a soft touch of elegance. <end>  Excellent value  Made well. Great crystals and different tones. Looks more expensive than they are. She was happy to receive them. Buy it! <end>  Awesome!  I bought these & the matching bracelet for a Birthday/Christmas gift.They were very brilliant and beautiful! I highly recommend these items. <end>  Pleased  Very pretty earrings. My dughter was very pleased as this was a gift. The crystals were as nice as I thought they would be. <end>  Beautiful colors for such a small price  I bought these earings for a girl friend. She loves these colors. The combination of colors is really just great with dark long hair in the background. Swarovski is the best.I simply love these earings especially with the very reasonable $19. Go for them. <end>  Awesome!!!  This was awesome!!! I love the crystals that shined in the light. Wow I cannot believe how beautiful it is. <end>  VERY NICE  Bought these as a gift for my sister, they arrived quickly through the mail and when I opened them I thought they were very perrty and I am sure she will like these earrings. I held them up to the light and they have a nice sparkle to them. I would recommend these as a gift or for someone to buy just for themselves. <end>  Wonderful Christmas Gift  I purchased these earrings last year for my girlfriend and she loved them and has received many compliments on them from friends since then. Very nice shine and they look great on her. Plan on purchasing her another pair in another color. <end>  Beautiful  These are wonderful earrings and I'd recommend them to anyone. I get compliments on them all the time! <end>  I love these earrings!  I couldn't be happier with these earrings. They are as lovely as pictured. I have received so many compliments on them and people ask me where I got them. I have purchased several items from Gem Avenue - the prices are very reasonable and I have never been disappointed. I highly recommend these earrings for yourself or as a gift. <end>  Good Value  These earrings sparkle in sunlight and the colorsare amazing. They are light and comfortable. I thinkyou get a lot for the price! I love mine. <end>  Sparkly  These are very pretty, I purchased them two times as gifts, the price is very affordable and make a pretty presentation--they even arrive in a pretty little box and make a nice gift for anyone, especially someone who is not expecting a gift, because of the low price. I am very pleased to have found this website. <end>  Very Impressive  These earings are very pretty and not heavy on the ears. They realy sparkle when they are in the sunlight and they go great with the braclet. <end>  very pretty earrings  These earrings really sparkle and the colors are ones I wear often. I would definitely purchase again from this seller. <end>  Winning Gift  I gave a pair of these earrings to a friend for Christmas and they were a great hit. She simply bubbled with joy when she opened them. <end>  Swarovski Review  This product came excatly how I expected. It is a very nice peice of jewery and my wife loved it. It matched the braclet perfectly. <end>  Beautiful!  Very lovely and sparkly-bought for my daughter in law and it was actually much prettier than it looks on the website photo. The light really makes this set shine. Great gift for the price. Looks like items in department stores that sell for + $50 <end>  Great Gift  My daughter just loves these earrings. Made for a wonderful holiday gift. I will buy from seller again. Thanks!!! AAAA+ <end>  Not as vivid as pictured.  I was a little disappointed in these earrings. Their colors are much more subtle than the picture suggests and to tell you the truth, I think they look like plastic. They're pretty and I will still wear them, but they don't look nearly as nice in person as they do in the their picture. <end>  Beautiful!!  These earrings are beautiful! They are a perfect size and are extremely light! The purple crystals sparkle and look very beautiful! <end>  beautiful!  Great colors, these are beautiful! I love that the backings of these earrings are attached! I have not lost them yet! <end>  The Wife Loved Them  These were a great deal and she loves them! Now she's asking if they come in different colored stones! I guess i gotta shop for more. <end>  Look more expensive  They are small-ish, so that is why I give them four stars, but otherwise they look nice and they even look more expensive than they actually are. <end>  Love these earrings  I have 3 pair  clear crystal, purple, and black. Good quality and I always get compliments on them every time I wear them. <end>  She liked them  My kids and I gave these to my wife for Christmas and she liked them. Want to be a happy man, have a happy wife. <end>  Great find!  It is of a good quality and it really sparkles and dazzles. The price is great too for real sterling silver. Makes a great present. <end>  Gem Avenue delivered quality product, within price range, and on time.  Gift was greatly appreciated and received lots of compliments about how theses earrings sparkle in the light. Thanks Amazon and Gem Avenue for partnering on this item. <end>  Good  Good product, looks nice and I gave it away as a Christmas gift so I can't say how it performed. <end>  Blue could be bluer ....  Nice earrings, but the colors aren't as distinctive as they are in the photo. The blue is quite pale and doesn't stand out against the orchid and clear stones. <end>  Swaroski Crystal Earrings  I bought these earringss as a birthday present for my sister and she loved them. I already had the Multi-Colored for myself. You can not beat the price and the comfort is great. <end>  beautiful...just as pictured  these earrings are perfectly lovely. the colors are beautiful and the leverbacks are comfortable. I'm thinking of ordering another pair in a different color. <end>  Beautiful  The earrings are so beautiful, since they arrived, I couldn't remove them from my ears!! The only thing that surprised me is the size, they are so small, however, I find them very cute and are for every day wearing. A must buy for earring lovers!! <end>  SCER009 Lavender Blue And Clear Genuine Genuine Swarovski Crystals .925 Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings Review  I love these earrings. I got these and they are easy to put on and take off and they stay in well and the lever doesn't pinch my ear. I got many compliments on them. Great buy. Would totally recommend. <end>  Beautiful and Genuine  I've noticed some reviews stating these earrings were reminiscent of "costume jewelry". This is completely false. My mother, whom I purchased these for, had many genuine Swarovski crystal figurines in the house I grew up in. My sibling and I loved when the afternoon sun would light up the walls with rainbows refracting off the crystals. So, anyone familiar with crystals knows that light is an important factor in appreciating crystals. These earrings, when held in the light, are stunningly reflective and sooo pretty. They are still pretty when inside, but their true nature comes out when in the light.I'm very happy I purchased these for my mother this Mother's Day, and I will likely make purchases of other colors/styles of these earrings in the future. I recommend these for anyone desiring a pure, beautiful piece of jewelry.. <end>  lovely earings  the earings are so cute and pretty .....that i order matching pendent and bracelet to go with it .....now i receive lot of complements on them . <end>  Great Earrings.  I LOVE these earrings. Great value for the price. I am thinking of going back and purchasing other colors. I received many compliments. <end>  Very pretty  I bought these earrings as a gift for someone who had them on their wish list. As soon as she opened them, she immediately took off the earrings she was wearing and put these on. They did look great and she was very pleased with them. <end>  Love them!  My boyfriend bought these for me as a gift and I wear them as often as possible. They are very sparkly especially in the sun and also very lightweight. I've had a ton of compliments and would recommend to everyone. Im also not one to ever write reviews on anything, but I just like these earrings that much.  ) <end>  Lavender blue and clear Swarovski Crystal earrings  I was very pleased with the earrings. They are beautiful and I received many compliments on them. The color is great! <end>  Quick response and the item was as expected  Quick response from the seller and the product shipped did match with the description. Good Job! <end>  Very Pretty  These are very pretty earrings. Certainly worth the money. Have a great sparkle to them and are very eye catching. Great in the sunlight. <end>  Lavender leverbacks  These earrings are beautiful! They are very shiny, and glossy. These are definitely the most beautiful earrings I've ever seen(I spend most of my spare time looking and admiring at some of the most beautiful jewelry!!). I was worried if the shape of these earrings were awkward, but they are just right in shape, size, and color!! <end>  Small but wonderful value  The earrings are perfect if you are looking for small and elegant rather than large and flashy. They arrived on time, were loved by the recipient and have received several compliments. <end>  You cannot go wrong with these but they seem smaller in real life  As everyone else has stated these earrings are very sparkly. I got compliments on them the first day I wore them. They are not too heavy and the length is correct in the description. I thought they would be a bit fuller but each earring has 6 crystals that all have beautiful color and shine. They are definitely adorable and I could not stop twirling to get them to dangle. Overall, a fantastic bargain. <end>  Recommend  Lovely, lightweight earrings that catch the light and sparkle nicely. Can't go wrong for the price. <end>  sparkly  These earrings arrived quickly and met every expectation. They are a nice addition to my wifes jewelry wardrobe. <end>  Much better than the photo  The Lavender and Blue crystal earrings are much nicer than the picture. Vibrant blues and purples. Certainly worth the price. <end>  Wonderful earrings  Earrings are absolutely brilliant! Such sparkle and color, the quality is fantastic. They are very pleasant to wear and not big and bulky, can wear to dress up any outfit. I love these earrings and this company!!! I can't wait to buy another Gem Avenue product!! <end>  Excellent Jewelry  I bought these earrings as a gift to my friend. She loved them so much. Great quality and an affordable price. I don't think you can find anything like this anywhere else than Gem Avenue. <end>  Sparkle  Earrings really sparkle. Love them Will dress up any outfit. True quality <end>  Nice Romantic Gift  My then-boyfriend (now husband) gave this to me for an anniversary about 2 years ago. I have a thing for crystals--and the color family of purple/lavender--so naturally, I loved it. Its length is just right, so that it dangles prettily from the ears but doesn't get in the way. The silver has since tarnished from use, but that's easily remedied. I think it's a bit expensive, though, and I don't know if I would have bought it for myself at this price. <end>  Bait and switch  The Swarovski company speaks out of both sides of their mouth. The refund and repair policy is nonexistent when needed. Whatever the problem, they seem to have an excuse not to honor their commitment. I wish I had read their reviews on the Complaint Board before buying. Note  I did not buy this item or my item from Amazon. I will never buy from them again. <end>  Very nice product  My wife had showed me these while just browsing around Amazon.com so I ordered them on the 'hint' that was given. For the price, I thought they were very nice when we received them. I'm not a jewelry expert by any means, but I felt the quality and appearance was above average given the price of these earrings. In fact, I purchased the other set she had shown me as well. She seems to be very happy with the sets. <end>  earrings  these earrings are prettier than the picture. they pick up the light quite nicely. the gemstones give off a warm glow. would compliment dressy, or casual apparell. thank you for a nice product. would recommend you to anybody! <end>  Lovely! Ordering another pair!  These were a great buy and are very pretty. I ordered them as a gift but am now going to buy a pair for me! <end>  Delicate  These earrings may be delicate and on the small side but They have a nice sparkle to them and catch the light really well.They draw attention without overpowering your face or being too distracting.They are light and comfortable and very attractive.The colors lend themselves well to several outfits.I liked them so much I bought them as gifts for my cousin and niece. Overall they are very nice for the price and came in a gift box ready to wrap. <end>  Very pleased.  These earrings were purchased as a gift for our daughter. She absolutely loves them! Said they were the pretties ones she owns. <end>  Quite Lovely and Delicate Looking.  Bought for my Sister as a present "just because" and they are beautiful.She loved them. Don't know if they are real crystal...but for the price, they sure are pretty. <end>  Beautiful quality earrings  Very pleased with these beautiful and affordable earrings. They have great quality and design. Very fun to wear! I would definitely purchase from this seller again. Loved the prompt service and shipping. My items arrived much sooner than anticipated. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  I love the lavender blue and clear Swarovski earrings. They are beautiful and comfortable. Thank you! <end>  Love these  Bought these with the matching bracelet for my bridesmaids, and I was thrilled when I saw them. Perfect, sparking, beautiful! <end>  Loved It.  These earings are perfect for everyday sparkle. I loved them so much I am about to purchase a couple more pairs from this seller. <end>  beautiful earrings  I just recently purchased these earrings in lavendar blue and clear crystal and I absoutely love them, they are simply beautiful. I have gotten so many compliments on them, I have even had 1 person who offered to buy them from me. I laughed and said sorry I just got them and I love them but I can tell you where you can get a pair just like them and thats Gem Avenue.They now have a pair just like mine, I will be shopping with Gem Ave again, I love there jewelry its well made and very beautiful, and at reasonable prices as well as they represent there items accurately. If you have not got a pair of these earrings I suggest you do I think you will love them just as much as I do. <end>  Wow...  Once I saw the earrings, I was surprised! It was a lot better than I saw on-line, they were supposed to be a gift to my mom but I'm having second thoughts...  o) Nah, I'll give to my mom and I know she'll love them! <end>  So pretty!  I bought these as a charity gift for a teenager for Christmas. They are prettier than I thought they would be, I think I'll buy some for myself after the holidays! <end>  Classic earrings  These earrings are really pretty. I was not interested in spending a lot of money and these look much more expensive than they were. I ordered three diffeent colors. I get a lot of compliments when I wear them. <end>  Crystal Earrings  Beautiful earrings for a great price!Great for a night out or a casual every day look.Love them.... <end>  Great with Tanzanite  I bought these while searching for "white gold" tanzanite earrings. These look very beautiful with a tanzanite pendant that I already had so I wear these instead of the tanzanite earrings! I have owned them for over a year and they still sparkle beautifully. <end>  Nice Jewelry at a Nicer Price!!  I bought two different sets of earings from Gem Avenue and am very pleased with both. <end>  Beautiful colors  The colors on these earrings is quite unusual and beautiful. They are sparkly and light.The good thing about this products is that they are solid sterling silver - won't hurt your ears, they are light and they are pretty. They are also conparatively cheap to buy compared to items in gold.They are so dressy however, I find myself not wearing them during the day unless I have a very plain dress and no or a small necklace. <end>  lots of compliments  The earrings shipped and arrived quickly. They are lightweight and have a great back that snaps closed so you never worry about losing them. Since I started wearing them I get compliments all the time. They are a very beautiful and simple design. <end>  great earrings  I think these earrings are reallygreat. The color and sparkle arejust the thing for anything youwear. <end>  Long dangle earrings  I love the colors in these crystal earrings! They really show off their colors when the light hits them! I would strongly recommend this item to everyone! <end>  Quite a Surprise!  I definitely didn't expect the quality of these earrings to be as great as they are, considering the price! The first thing you have to realize is that these are under twenty dollars! I bought them for my wife; one of MANY presents, including much more expensive jewelry. When she saw them she liked them quite a lot. I told her how much they cost me and she loved them even more! She was just looking for something cute that she could wear for day-to-day outings and this was exactly what she was looking for. This company's prices and products are a rare find in today's market. Remember  these aren't super high-end Swarovski Crystals, but they are quite simply AMAZING for the price. <end>  Gorgeous!!!  These earrings are beautiful. The colors of purple and blue are SO pretty together. I will wear these earrings at least once a week. <end>  Good Gift  I gave these earrings a rating of 5/5 because I ordered them as a Christmas gift for my mother. She really liked them. They looked exactly like the photo and arrived on time. <end>  GREAT earrings!  I bought these as a christmas present for my mother and she loves them. When in the light they shine that purple color you see in the image and they just look absolutely stunning. a great gift. <end>  lavender blue earrings  These earrings are gorgeous and are exactly as described. I bought them as a Christmas gift and wanted to keep them myself. My cousin, the recipient, loved them. <end>  Ear Rings  I purchased these ear rings for a Christmas gift. They were beautiful and very good quality.The person I gave them to loved them. Great price excellent quality. <end>  Love them!  I bought these as a Christmas gift for my daughter. She hasn't opened them yet, but I know she is going to love them. They are super sparkly and the color is beautiful. I saw that one review about them not being genuine Swarovski crystals and I am not a jeweler and cannot tell either way. I just know that they are exactly what I was hoping for, looks wise. <end>  Striking  I bought these earrings for my 9 year old granddaughter after asking her about her favorite colors. First time buying jewelry from Amazon and I was thrilled when they arrived. Perfect for a young girl. I was very happy with the product. <end>  Beautiful!  The earrings are simply beautiful! I would like them a bit longer, but other than that, they are simply lovely and very sparkly! <end>  Better than I expected!  The cost of these earrings is very low considering that most of the jewelry that I buy is in the $30 range for earrings. But the colors caught my eye so I thought, "why not see how they are?" I was not disappointed. They are very pretty and I receive a lot of compliments on them. They catch the light and send beautiful sparkles out from the facets. I have since ordered another pair in another color.You cannot beat this quality for the price. And if for some reason they don't sparkle enough for you, dip them in jewelry cleaner or an ultrasonic cleaner and then go out in the sun. Guarantee you that they will sparkle then! <end>  Smaller than expected.  I was expecting a cluster of crystals that were individually dangling to maximize movement. They hung straight down from a center post. They sparkle and look good- but I expected much more after I read all of the reviews for them. I would not pay full price for these, but I paid $18.99, and feel slightly ripped off. I'm beginning to think that most of the reviews are fake, since this is my fourth purchase from Gem Avenue. <end>  eh.. seen better  When i received my earrings in the mail i was not so excited as when I saw these compared to when I saw it on the web. They are good quality and cute sparkly earrings but they are definitely not genuine swarovski crystals. more like glass. <end>  Seriously? These are plastic...  I thought these were going to be made of stone. These feel and look like plastic beads. I wish I had spent my money on something nicer from a craft fair. <end>  Looked great in the picture...  These looked great in the picture, but when I got them I was disappointed. There's not as sparkly and bright as I had thought they would be. They just look like plastic beads on a wire. The return policy from the store I bought them from was such that it would have cost too much in postage and fees to make it worth returning. <end>  Pretty earrings, but poor quality  I only wore mine for 2 hours, the crystals fell off on both earrings! I love the colors and the length, too bad the quality isn't as good. <end>  The Photo is Misleading  These earrings seemed gorgeous in the photo, but when I got them in the mail they looked cheap - and not much like the picture. They don't dangle the way they seemed to in the photo, either. They're small plastic beads on a wire. I got them as a gift, but didn't give them to the person they were intended for - I plan to give them to my 14 yr old niece for her birthday, instead. They're more suited to a pre-teen/teenager than a woman. <end>  If you're looking for "fun" and not "fine" jewelry, this is perfect  When I opened the package, I was initially disappointed. They looked cheap and clunky. But no one looks that closely at earrings - put them on and check out the effect...The pretty blue and orchid colors, the shine, the reflective rays- they all add up to make a dazzling little set of sparkly earrings that are fun, especially when paired with an outfit of similar colors. The sizing is good too- enough to be noticed but not overpowering. Easy to use leverback clasp makes hookup a breeze and keeps them on. Great with jeans as well as with pastels.No one is going to mistake these earrings for fine gems, but they will admire the appearance and colors, and appreciate their look! <end>  Versatile Earrings  Beautiful colors, delicate, yet bold. These are gorgeous! I've worn them with a nice periwinkle polo shirt as well as soft lavender sweater -- they're a wonderful accent in any scenario. Dress up a casual look or compliment a more elegant look. Definitely a pair of earrings for multiple occasions. <end>  beautiful  I originally ordered the clear style of these earrings and loved them so much I then ordered the lavender ones and the multi-colored ones. I love all of them and get so many compliments when I wear them. They sparkle and are lovely. <end>  Not As Imagined But Lovely  These earrings are lovely but not as I had imagined, based on the description. The picture on Amazon made it look more like there were 3 solid bars hanging from the hoop but these earrings are actually 6 little dangling baubles. Even though I had imagined these earrings differently, I love them and hope to wear them for many years. <end>  Sparkles  These earrings are so very pretty. They sparkle in all different lighting. They are light enough to not pull on the earlobe. Highly recommend <end>  too small  the picture makes the earrings look more brilliant and bigger than they actually are. They are a gift but i am disappointed. <end>  good  very very good. i will want to be this item. i'm happy. because this item to meet. very very good too. <end>  earrings  They are much smaller than the picture depicted, but I will save and use for a birthday gift in Fwbruary. <end>  Simple and beautiful  True to picture... simple, elegant and beautiful!!!!Good workmaship and exellent price. Would make a perfect gift for anyone picky. <end>  Teen gift  These were chosen for my granddaughter who is 15. She loves purple, so I felt they were quite appropriate, and I think sterling silver is a good metal choice. <end>  Picture is more vivid than the earrings really are.  The earrings arrived quickly and the quality is nice. However, the colors are very faint which is very disappointing. I'm glad the price was low otherwise I would return them. <end>  Gorgeous  These are very pretty earrings! Just enough sparkle without being over the top. I got them for my sister-in-law for Christmas, and I think she is going to be very pleased. <end>  Ear Rings  My grand daughters loved the ear rings for their color and elegance and they treasured them. They told me that the shape was awfully good. <end>
 B0007NOEQG  Pugster Name Kassie Gift Laser Italian Charm ||	  She loved it  It was great since we can never find anything with her name on it due to the spelling! <end>
 B0007NOIIK  Pugster Name Josephine Laser Charms Italian Bracelet ||	  Great Item!  I got several charms for my wife. She loves them and the shipping was fast for standard shipping. I am very pleased and I will buy more in the future. <end>
 B0007NW1IY  14kt White Gold Ball Earrings 5 Millimeter ||	  Good price for what you get  This is a typical white gold ball earring. It's small (5mm as stated), but is a great price at $15 versus the other prices when you shop around. The post is a bit long which is annoying, but acceptable. The backing is miniscule so if you have clumsy fingers it may not work for you. But if you happen to lose earrings easily but require gold earrings for allergy reasons like me, this is a good buy. <end>  Ball Earrings  These earrings are quite well made. The posts are solid and there are no gaps or spurs where the post joins the ball. However, there are 2 drawbacks for me personally.My earlobes are rather thick so the posts ended up being a bit shorter than I prefer. This surprised me as the other reviewer for these stated that the posts were "long". Maybe my ears are abnormally thick, but I've not encountered earrings with posts this short before *shrug*. Putting them on was a little bit of a struggle, but in the end I was able to wear them all day without feeling pinched. However, when I went to take them off at the end of the day it was a bit of a challenge. Of course having extremely short nails probably doesn't help me at all either.My other issue is the size of the backs. They are miniscule! Fortunately I had purchased a bag of backs a while back so I just traded them out and all was right with the world.These earrings do look really nice and so far seem to be of a good quality. Even though I have to struggle a bit with them I will continue to wear and enjoy them because once they are on, I am good to go without any complaints. <end>
 B0007O8VI2  Sterling Silver Gothic Dragon Amethyst Poison Ring size 7 ||	  My wife was overjoyed  I had purchased this ring shortly before Christmas Eve. I didn't expect it to arrive on time, but it did. Cudos to Silver Insanity for getting it to me on time. My wife absolutely loves it. If you are looking for a Poison Ring for that special someone, and they are into Dragons and such, I would recommend this item.Gothic Dragon and Amethyst Poison Box Sterling Silver Ring Size 8(Sizes 7,8,9,10) <end>
 B0007OAU18  Pink Syn Pearl Breast Cancer Awareness Stretch Bracelet ||	  BREATHTAKING  THIS BRACELET IS SO BEUTIFUL.I WEAR IT WITH ALL MY PEARLS AND IT JUST TAKES MY BREATH.MY ONLY REGRET IS I COULDN'T GET IT IN MORE COLORS,WOULD LOVE TO HAVE A GRAY ONE FOR DIABETES,OR PURPLE FOR CANCER OR EVEN YELLOW FOR OUR TROOPS SUPPORT.BUY THIS,YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED,I GUARANTEE YOU,AND THE SERVICE IS FAST TOO. <end>
 B0007OJYEW  Pugster Laser Wish Upon Star Words & Phrases Italian Charm ||	  TOO TINY  The actual item is 1/8 of picture, you need a magnifying glass to read it, if they had included a return slip I would have returned it! <end>
 B0007ORMGE  Black Tahitian Pearl Earrings (9-10mm) ||	  VERY PLEASED WITH THE PEARLS  I didn't receive a notification that my order was being processed or shipped from the retailer, so I was surprised when they arrived in just a few days. <end>
 B0007OU8X8  Large Sterling Silver Marcasite Butterfly Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Large Marcasite Butterfly  Great item and I'm still wearing it , love Marcasite jewerly and wash dishes sometines be forgetting I have it on. <end>
 B0007OV4K4  Pink Marble Labret ||	  Pink Marble Labret  I really liked the color, and the price was great. The only thing I thought that the clear swirl would be even all around. Mine is only off to one side. I don't know if it's was made to be like that or if they all look different. For the price you can't really complain though. <end>
 B0007PO5W2  Iolite Natural Stone Bcr Captive Ring ||	  Iolite NATURAL STONE BCR Captive Ring  Different in color and made my child happy. Good buy. <end>
 B0007PRAG0  Belly - 7/16 Orange Radiance Banana Belly Ring ||	  5 stars!!  if you like neon colors this is just what you're looking for, it's a very bright neon orange lol it does have a radiance to it, looks great in any light. but i will say it doesn't look just like the pic, in the pic it has a gold-ish (maybe cooper) hue which it doesn't have in real life as i said it is a very bright neon orange. i personally LOVE it and i'm getting another for my friend who i know will love it too. <end>
 B0007Q2Z46  Pretty Sterling Silver Filigree Dragonfly Charm Pendant ||	  Very pretty!  The item was not only shipped very fast, but the pendant is fabulous!! It is a LOT prettier in person than the one in the picture. The one in the picture doesn't look as nice. The price is also great! Love it! A+ for the dragonfly pendant! <end>  Beautiful and well priced  I bought this as a Christmas present for someone and when I received it I almost couldn't part with it. It is simply beautiful and shipped quickly. The person it was for fell in love with it and the matching earrings immediately! <end>  Exactly as pictured  I purchased for a charm bracelet -It would be better served as a pendant so I will wear it on a chain. Very pretty and exactly a pictured <end>
 B0007Q2Z82  Celestial Caged Rose Quartz Sphere Sterling Silver Pendant ||	  Not impressed with this!  I have been very happy with Silver Insanity's jewelry in previous purchases but I wasn't impressed with this pendant and it is not worth the price I paid for it, with shipping was over $60. The cage opens side to side, not top to bottom and it gives it an oblong oval appearance. The stars and moon crescents are only on the front and the silver cage is very thin. The overall size is nice at 18mm. I do not recommend buying this. <end>
 B0007QR938  Marcasite Look and Silver Tone Large Heart Bracelet ||	  Very Nice  The bracelet turned out to be even prettier then I had expected. It's the perfect size and everyone was complimenting on it. <end>
 B0007QRYJM  White Crystal Large Floating Heart Silver-Tone Pendant Necklace ||	  Floating Heart Silvertone Necklace  Beautiful to start with but quickly lost its shine and lost a stone. I sent it back before I had it a month. <end>
 B0007R8T22  3mm Sterling Silver 20" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful sterling silver ball chain  I brought this for my daughter, I had purchased another ball chain that was much thinner for a pendant I brought for her at a very well known expensive company. The first chain broke the day I gave them to her. I brought this chain, it looks perfect with the sterling silver pendant I brought her and she loves it! Thank you so much. <end>
 B0007RTVXI  Double Gem Blue Roulette Riches Black Dangle Belly Ring ||	  junk  This belly ring is pure junk and the company sucks. They won't contact you back for anything. It fell apart after two days. <end>
 B0007RTWBE  White Hot Pink Gem Izzy Lizzy Belly Ring ||	  Don`t buy !  I bought this item thinking it was very cute . when I got it I wore it for two days and the upper hand of the lizard kept rubbing my piercing. it infected my belly-button very badly. Don`t buy this item unless you are looking to get your piercing infected. <end>  Cute, but takes me back to when I first got pierced, and not in a good way!  THIS belly button ring, is SO adorable. It is true to the picture and is very high quality. I have gotten so many compliments on how cute, sexy, and unique it looks clinging to my navel. Now, this is to be expected with any out-of-the-ordinary belly rings such as the IZZY LIZZY, BUT I do not find it to be very comfortable when sitting down while wearing it. The lizard is so long that it pushes against the bottom of my navel and causes the same pain I felt when I left the piercing parlour. To fix this, I just adjust the way I sit. Other than that, no issues whatsoever.I only wear this when I KNOW my belly will be exposed, i.e. beach day, pool party, hot date (&lt;- lol, just kidding), and any other time to show off the stomach. But at the end of the day I put a bioplast back in for comfort purposes.All in all, very cute. Very attention getting. A tad uncomfy in certain positions, and in my opinion, NOT to be worn for extended periods of time.Happy Shopping!-Jewel. <end>  belly ring  This product is I love, it does have one fault though  the paint started to come off after a couple times of wearing it. <end>
 B0007RTWFA  Original Green Margarita Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Cute for a Night  It was cute for an evening - then the martini glass broke off (under normal usage). I still wear the bar bell without a problem. Three out of the four belly rings bought from Body Candy have broken. All in a very short (1-2 days) timeframe. <end>
 B0007RTWG4  Red Gem Strawberry Daquirie Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Sexy  I think this is very sexy and I enjoyed wearing it. It's something about the Daiquiri glass. <end>
 B0007RXDT6  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  Nice ring overall  Pros  The ring looks quite nice. My fiancee is very happy with it. A colleague even thought it was from Tiffany's ;).Cons  There's an engraving inside, with the word "amazon". I don't remember it ever being mentioned on their website. So, if you want your own engraving, or simply don't want theirs, buy just the diamond and get it mounted somwhere else. <end>
 B0007RXK7Q  14k White Gold Classic Trellis Engagement Ring Setting ||	  A little big for small hands.  It is very pretty but if your future fionce is smaller than a six, maybe get something smaller. My fionce loves it but sometimes complains how it expands her fingers. <end>
 B0007SV79S  Pugster 22k Golden Plated Wreath Flower October Birthstone Light Rose Pink Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Dangle Brooches Pins ||	  Beautiful brooch  A little bigger than I was expecting..but love it. Because of its size may be I wont wear necklace..it will be the highlight piece on my dress! <end>
 B0007SV7AC  Pugster Vintage Antique Silver Tone Floral Green Cameo Emerald Green Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Lady Maiden Profile Brooches And Pins ||	  A beautiful/unique piece that catches eyes!  I love pins and the uniqueness of this one is perfect. A true eye-catcher. On the collar, draped across the shoulder or fastening a scarf. A worth-while piece to be proud of in your collection. <end>
 B0007TJZSC  St. Christopher Surf Medal - Small Lavender/ Black ||	  Very Nice  I wear the medal everyday. Had to put it on a new chain as the chain it came with was a metal that made me break out. Other than that the medal itself it great. Looks just as described. <end>
 B0007TT744  Amethyst Earrings ||	  Amethyst Earrings - GREAT  Earrings nicer than pictured - just what I wanted! Thanks. Great vendor. <end>
 B0007U9RBG  Blue Acrylic Yin Yang Logo Belly Button Ring ||	  Yin Yang  The contrast isn't as clear on the ring but i love the yin yang symbol surrounded in blue. <end>  Great product at a great price..  More than I expected for less than I paid. <end>
 B0007U9RC0  Clear American Flag Logo Belly Button Ring ||	  nice  This is a great piece for the 4th of July. She wore it this year, she will keep it for next as well. She loves it. It was well worth the litte money it cost. <end>  Quality product at an inexpensive price.  More than I expected for less than I expected. <end>
 B0007U9RCK  Red Acrylic Red Flame Logo Belly Button Ring ||	  like the flame  I loved the flame design. I have a few flames on my bike, so I wanted this one. My complaint is that the screw ball fastener is plastic and the threads are metal. That'll last about one day with me---I'm too active. I've been known to loose the metal balls, but the plastic will probably break first. Maybe they should sell a set of metal balls. But then again, the price is right, so who cares, enjoy it for a while. <end>
 B0007U9WOI  Lui- Men's Sapphire & Diamond Ring ||	  jeffrey p.  Fantastic is not a good enough word. I love the ring (of course I added to the basic design). And believe me when they say call them (or e-mail) if you want to customize it,they are indeed happy to do it and they do it quickly, expertly, and the way you wanted it. I had them double the size of the sapphire (2.5 mm to 5.0 mm) and make the diamonds bigger (.08 ct each and not .02 ct each). The ring is beautiful and I am proud to wear it and show it off (I don't know how many people ask me about it) <end>  The perfect wedding band for my fianc&eacute;  I bought this ring as a wedding band for my fianc&eacute;. The sizing will be correct if you go have your finger sized by a professional at a jewelry store. I showed my guy his ring and he loved it too.If you want it custom made, talk to them about it and they will do it! I wanted the ring to be white gold and the diamonds to be a little bit larger and they did it. It looks stunning. I will definitely be shopping with them again. <end>
 B0007UBLA6  16 Gauge Bcr Hematite Captive Ring 1/2 4mm ||	  Decent Quality Metal Piercing Jewelry  There's not a lot to say about this item, but I will include these points - Captive bead stays firmly in-place; does not fall out- Nice quality; not easily damaged- Does not irritate or inflame piercing- Not uncomfortable to wear <end>
 B0007UDWQC  Violet Gem Dreamcatcher Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Pretty but not durable  Bought a few of these belly button pieces and this one lasted one day. The dreamcatcher fell off somewhere before night fall. I still use the remaining piece. <end>
 B0007UQ3MW  10 Gauge Straight Barbell Clear Retainer 5/8 ||	  THESE WORK GREAT!  Ok so as a professional body piercer and a security guard who has to conceal his tattoos and piercings I was forced to purchase these to conceal my 10 gauge ear piercings..I had to cut them down of cousre due to the fact that the retainers aren't originally meant to be ear retainers..but they work great... You can still of course see the clear plugs in my ears with a faint purple/pink tone.. but they are clear plastic and the tone comes from the flesh tone inside the piercing.. so far I've gotten away with using these retainers.. but I would suggest these for almost any 10 gauge piercings... I would also suggest this brand and company for ANY size piercing.. though they were a bit slow in delivering.. they serve their purpose.. <end>
 B0007US6YA  Psychedelich Pink Star Acrylic Belly Button Ring ||	  Cute  You can actually see through the center of the belly rings and it appears to have a yellow dot in it. It looks pretty cool  ) The quality seems good and the price is great! <end>
 B0007US75I  16 Gauge straight barbell CLEAR RETAINER 3/8" ||	  Awesome  This retainer is awesome!!! very comfortable. If u need to hide your piercing this is the item I recommend. No one can see it. <end>
 B0007USRR6  Non-Pierced Clip-on Earrings - H739 ||	  The white gold was very, very thin.  For almost $200, I expected the gold to be a little thicker. These were a gift to my mother, and I fear the gold will bend with use. We'll see.... <end>
 B0007UVZPM  NICKEL FREE White gold with Genuine Cut Diamond nose ring ||	  Fabulous piece!!!  How lucky to have found this piece! It fit beautifully and is gorgeous-much better than the peices you would find in stores that carry body jewelry. Delivery was prompt, service was great-could not have asked for a better deal for a better item! <end>
 B0007UWS44  Sterling Silver Smooth Classic Plain Band Toe Ring ||	  jewelry  This toe ring is exactly like it's pictured. It has a matte finish while being still shiny. It is extremely comfortable. Great value too. <end>  The perfect toe ring  Simple and comfortable to wear. What I really like about this toe ring over others is that it's the same width all the way around. So many toe rings taper/narrow toward the bottom and it looks strange when they start to turn to the side. Unless this toe ring is all the way upside down, it never looks cock-eyed. No bumps or details to rub on your other toes so you don't notice when you're wearing it. <end>  Toe ring  In the Summer I have to have a toe ring. Most don't hold up or are not comfortable. This one is amazing! Don't even know that you have it on. Very simple and pretty. <end>  love it  a toe ring - I used to wear one 5 years ago. It feels good to wear one again! <end>
 B0007UYVQC  Sterling Silver Man on the Moon Star Poison Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Gift was loved  This was purchased as a gift for one of my daughter's friends and she loved it. Very well made and looks nice. <end>  great ring  This is a great little ring. The latch is different than other poison rings I've seen and is much more effective at keeping it closed. <end>
 B0007V0YTO  Sterling Silver Filigree and Red Garnet Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Looks like a plastic egg machine ring  I am reconsidering purchasing anything from Silver Insanity. Some of their silver is quality, some is not, but you won't know until you get it. This entire ring is very thin and the filigree is crooked and I can bend the ring with little effort. However, it was inexpensive and I guess I just got what I paid for. <end>  I love this ring.  This is one of my favorite rings. In fact I wore it out and need to buy a new one. Lol <end>
 B0007VDNKQ  Sterling Silver Garnet Poison Box Locket Ring Size 7.5 ||	  Disappointed  I bought this ring a couple of months ago for everyday wear. At first it was great- cute, unique, etc. Then I noticed the latch getting snagged in EVERYTHING, from my clothes to blankets to my bag... After a while, the very poorly made latch became bent out of shape, and now does not close properly.The ring itself is made nicely enough, and is a very cute design. However, the latch is way too pliant and easily bent. The hook on the top will get caught on any stray thread. I would not recommend this ring for everyday use- maybe as a formal or costume piece to be worn every once in a while. <end>  ANYONE WOULD BE PROUD TO WARE IT  BEAUTIFUL SPEECHLESS I LOVE IT SO WOULD ANY ONE WHO RECIEVES ITWOULD RECOMEND IT GREAT GIFT FOR A LOVED ONE <end>  Poison Ring  The 1st time I ordered this ring, I had it for less than 30 days and the stone fell out of it. However, I contacted the vendor and they sent me a brand new one that is still in great shape with no questions asked. I was really impressed with silver insanity! <end>  very antiquish looking  I've wanted a poison ring for quite some time now and when I saw this one, well it was just perfect. However when it arrived, the garnet looked a little fake and the latch on the locket part wasn't very tight and the locket would sometimes open therefore dumping any contents I had inside.  (. So with that in mind, I really don't wear it as often as I would have liked to when I ordered it, but it is a beautiful ring to wear and it makes a great conversational piece. <end>  Poison Ring  This was a gift to a friend, and she absolutely loved it! It isn't obscenely large even on her little fingers. It's classy and functional. A great price for a great product. I may end up getting one for myself. <end>  Unique!  This ring is quite pretty and different. The Garnet is lovely. I have'nt been able to wear it only because I put on a little weight, but once it's gone I think I could wear it as an everday ring. There's a lot of fashion tricks here! <end>  Nice ring  A nice ring, a little nicer than the ones in the small shops in my area.And a good price. <end>  This is so pretty  This is so pretty and so well made and it is such a different design. <end>
 B0007VR78A  Allegra - Classic Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band Custom Made! ||	  Not as shiny as the picture  I love this ring for sentimental more than luxurious reasons. You get what you pay for - the ring is solid, but does not shine as in the pictures, nor is it possible to clean it enough to get it to look as smooth and reflective as in the photos. An arm's length look at the ring shows noticeable marks on the metal; seems like small scuffs that simply don't come off. Very disappointed in that, but I can't argue too much considering the price. Good value, but don't expect the finest quality.All that said, because it is the ring that was placed on my hand when my beloved and I were married, I will always treasure it. Sentimentality can imbue value in anything. <end>
 B0007VZLGU  Sterling Silver Crystal Threader String Ear Wire Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Love Them!  These are beautiful earrings. They are lightweight. They arrived in a timely manner. They will occasionally slip through my ears. But they have never fallen out. A small rubber earring stopper will keep them from slipping. I would recommend this product. <end>  Cute and flirty  These earrings are well made and pretty. They dangle but make sure you keep those little stoppers on the ends so you don't lose them. the thread moves around a lot in you ear.. <end>  Beautiful crystal earrings!!!  These catch the light at every angle and sparkle. I have received several compliments. <end>  fp  Love these earrings. Wear all the time. Very light weight. Do not slide out. Many compliments. The crystals sparkle and go with anything. Very easy to put in. <end>  Love These!!!!!  These earrings are very pretty and stylish. The little crystals at the bottom sparkle in the sun. You can make them shorter by pulling the string through your ear, but you have to make sure you always have a back on them because than they will fall out. I have had them for about a week and i wear them everyday they are just that beautiful, but i didnt have a back on them and one fell out and i lost it. So you bet your ass that i went online and purchased another pair. Trust me you will not be disappointed. <end>  Pretty earrings, poor design  These are very pretty earrings, but the box chain is so thin and smooth that the earrings won't stay in place. They were literally sliding back out of my ear lobes the moment I put them in. I bought these to wear at my wedding and they'd be perfect except for this major flaw. I'm going to buy some of those little rubber earring stoppers and give them a trial run that way, but sadly, I wouldn't recommend them based on this design flaw. The manufacturer must be aware that their design doesn't work. Why they wouldn't add a length of chain in the center that would hold well or at least ship these with rubber earring stoppers is beyond me. <end>  Great for sensitive ears!  I have VERY sensitive ears and heard that I should try an earring with an open box chain because it would allow air to flow through. These are the first earrings that I have ever been able to keep in my ears all day without any irritation. The best part is that they are really pretty too! I am very pleased with my purchase and seller. <end>
 B0007WACWC  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia 3mm Aquamarine Solitaire Ring Size 5,6,7,8,9,10 ||	  Excellent Product & Service  This sterling silver heart solitaire/Aquamarine is of excellent quality. Our grand-daughter loves it! The seller was quick with delivery, packed product well for delivery and we will use again for our jewelry source. <end>  Cute little ring  I ordered these little rings for my flower girls in my wedding. They're too cute! And the little box they come in is adorable - very happy customer.  ) <end>  Very Pretty!  The stone on this ring is almost exactly as pictured, the only difference being that mine was a little "taller", making it look more like a teardrop cut than a heart when set.The ring has a great look and feel to it, and a good weight, even though it's mostly the stone.One of the issues I've had with the ring aside from the "tallness" is the fact that I found little bits of fluffy residue wedged between the prongs and the stone, which was impossible to pluck out, even with a pointed tweezer.Other than that, this ring is great. <end>  pretty  this ring is really pretty, if you dont like something sticking out i would not recommend it because it does stick up a fairly decvent amount. but it is beautiful! <end>  Could not be happier!  I purchased this ring for my daughter for Christmas. It arrived in PERFECT conditon. The ring beat my expectations. I had worried that for the price it would be a little dinky ring, as that has happened when I bought from other places, but this was PERFECT. The size was great, it had a very nice appearance, shiny and a very clean look. The box it came in was so cute with a bow on top and I had not expected that. I was so pleased. If you have any doubts, DON'T! It will not disappoint. <end>  pretty  My daugher has problems with metal like I do and I have found Sterling silver works well. i hope this one works for her. <end>  Extraordinario anillo  Excelente producto en plata, apreciamos el cuidado y la responsabilidad que el proveedor atendi&oacute; el pedido. Mi esposa est&aacute; encantada y feliz. Recomiendo la tienda a la entera comunidad de Amazon.com <end>  Fantastic Ring,Great Service  This ring is everything I hoped for,& more.The fit is perfect,the color is absolutely amazing.The aquamarine is the richest I think I've ever seen. <end>  ring  It is a very pretty ring I have no discoloration with the ring and the stone looks good as the day i got it no cloudiness and i wear the ring 24-7. It is my youngest sons birthstone color. <end>  aquamarine ring  It was a very pretty ring. Its stone stood out really far and it caught on everything I touched. The ring lasted two days and I noticed that the stone was gone. A total waste of money. <end>  Great service  I got my ring today and it sure is beautiful. FedEx did a wonderful job delivering it. Thought I wouldn't get it this quick but i sure did. This sure is another thing that proves that I can really trust Amazon.com. Thanks so much. <end>
 B0007WB3KM  Cool Clear Tongue Ring ||	  Not good for hiding  Wasn't bought to conceal the piercing but wanted to note that is still very noticable <end>  Wasn't as described  I expected to receive what's in the picture, and I did get a clear tongue ring, but there was a big jewel in one of the balls and it's not what I expected. It's cute, but it scratches and irritates the roof of my mouth and it's not what I ordered, so I was disappointed about that. <end>  It really Is cool  This product really is cool. My friends loved it when I showed them and I love it. Shipped fast and no problems with it. Now my friend wants one too. <end>  Like it!  I love the color of this tongue ring and I also like that the ball is a see through color. <end>
 B0007WB3KW  Glacier Illusion Tongue Ring ||	  blank  its my favorite ring to this day its perfect for wheni go to work so people dont see it <end>
 B0007WLJH4  SCER018 Sterling Silver Crystal Jade Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  I thought the earring were pretty in the picture but went beyond that  When I ordered them I thought they looked beautiful in the picture but when I got them they were even more beautiful. The candy jade swirls were swirls of pink and green. Above the jade were crystals of pink and green These earrings are unique. I think they are my favorite from gem avenue. but I love them all. Never seen earrings anywhere like this. Thank you for bringing them to us. <end>  different and delightful  When my daughter helped pick these out for her sister, I had to promise that I'd buy a pair for her on her own birthday. They are every bit as pretty and festive as pictured, and different from what you can usually find. 'Candy' jade is a good description - all the swirls and lovely anticipation of old time penny candy. Plus this is a good company to buy from - everything arrives with its own box, in great condition, with very quick delivery. <end>  Just like the photo  I bought these for my daughter for Christmas and I know she will love them. They look just like the picture. Shipping was very fast. I will order again from Gem Avenue. Thanks! <end>  stunning  These earrings are absoultely devine and prettier than pictured. I am very pleased with the mix of jewels and colors.My only comnplaint is the cheap silver -it leaves tarnish marks on the earlobe.Pros uniquensscolordesignsizeleverbackCons silver leaves tarnish marks on earlobe <end>  Simply Gorgeous!  These earrings are gorgeous! They look exactly like the picture. So if you're thinking about getting them go ahead, you won't be sorry. <end>  Pretty, but looked cheaper than I expected  I like these earrings. love the leverbacks that prevent loss, and the silver accents. I'm keeping these, but I thought they looked a little cheaper than I expected when I recieved them. I've had good luck with this company, so I will order from them again; I'll just avoid anthing with candy pink shades. <end>  Too nice to give as a gift  I had originally purchased these earrings as a gift but after receiving the order, I decided to keep them for myself! Very good quality and fast delivery, too. I plan to order from this company again in the future. <end>  Lovely with everything  These earrings are exactly as they appear on screen. They are elegant but also casual enough to wear with anything. I bought two pairs for gifts. They are a nice length, beautiful color, and very feminine. <end>  Gorgeous, stunning, beautiful !!!  The young lady I gave this pair of earrings to got loads of compliments the first day she wore them; and she wears them constantly now. I don't know how this company tools glass so intricately, but the glass is stunningly beautiful and obviously created by artisans not craft people. <end>  Picture Not Quite Accurate  OK earings for the price but the ones I received were an odd shade of green. Be careful if you are expecting a pink pair of earings. Photo implies they are pink but there was only a small amount of pink in the set I recieved and the combination of those colors made the earrings look a little cheap. <end>  Are as pretty as they look.  I love the mixture of color and they can be worn with pink or white. Look good on and the silver just sparkles. Love it! <end>  Beautiful!!!  These are a beautiful set of earrings that would look stunning on me... but I bought them as a gift for my daughter, and she loves them... I guess I'm glad I did  0) <end>  Gorgeous  For the price this earrings are more that I could even expect, they are elegant and beautiful. A perfect present for mother's Day plus they arrive in three days after I ordered them. <end>  Gorgeous  My daughter first found these earrings and had them on her wish list. When I looked at her wish list they were "unavailable" but eventually they must have come back as she received them from her Mother in law for her BD. She showed them to me and I loved them and promptly ordered them. They are beautiful and look real classy. The green/pink and silver combination is very appealing. There is a matching bracelet but I did contact the vendor if they had a matching necklace. I'm still waiting to hear if they will make a matching necklace for me. I would definitely recommend these earrings. They can be worn for a casual as well as a dressy outfit. <end>  I love these earrings!  These earring are really pretty! I also have the matching bracelet and the earrings are a nice complement to the bracelet. They are swirled with green and pink as pictured. They are priced very well too! <end>  Leverback Lovely  Got these along with the matching heart pendant as a gift for my wife... and she absolutely loves them. In fact they are her current favorites and really do look good on her. She prefers "leverbacks" and those aren't that easy to find but Gem Avenue has a little treasure trove of them that so far she has been thrilled with all I've tried. These happen to be her favorite colors and the pictures are accurate. Highly recommend! <end>  Way Cute  These earrings came carefully packet to ensure they would not be damaged. The color is exactly like to picture. Very Pretty and they will not dissappoint. Very happy with them! <end>  Lost Item, but reputable Seller  I thought it would be good to make it known that although my merchandise has been lost, and we're trying to track it. There are 2 sellers from Amazon I contacted because of this problem, but only Gem Avenue has responded. I appreciate the fact that they have been working with me to solve this problem. It is good to know that there are reputable merchants on Amazon =) <end>  It was a lot smaller than I expected.  It was a lot smaller than I expected. <end>  Beautiful color  I have ordered several pairs of earrings from Gem Ave through Amazon--but I have to admit these are my favorite. The color is not consistent with the picture because they are a natural jade but the style and weight are ideal for both casual and business wear. I highly recommend them. <end>  Cute earrings  When I purchased I thought the large ball (which swivels) was just pink and white swirl, however the back side is green and white, luckily it served me as well as I had picked these earrings to go with a floral blouse precisely with those colors. I received compliments the first time wearing them, I was asked if I bought blouse and earrings together, my reply nope just lucky! <end>  So Pretty  I love ordering from Gem Avenue. The products always arrive in exceptional form and the jewelry is always as described or pictured. These earrings are sooooooo pretty. I needed a pink a green for an outfit with the same colors. I was satisfied with this pair. The large stone bead at the bottom isn't as "milky" as pictured, but it does have a lovely cloud of pink and green swirl. The crystals on the earring make it shine. These earrings are great value and will make a super gift for ANYONE. Love it. <end>  Very Sweet Earrings!!  I Just received these earrings and had to put them on and wear them right away. These earrings are so beautiful and very well made. I fell in love with them as soon as a saw them. The pink and green colors are so soft and feminine you can turn the bead a little to show the color you want.I have so many earrings but these are vastly becoming my favorate.You can't beat the price anywhere. I recomend these earrings for any girl or woman. they are not too heavy and the size is perfect. So please try them, you will not be disapointed. <end>  very pretty.  Very pretty dainty earrings. Would have loved a necklace to coordinate with them. Lots of compliments at work with these. <end>  Disappointed  The earrings I received did not resemble the ones from the picture on this web site. The very bottom bead in the picture is a very pretty pink-ish color and that's what I was looking forward to when I ordered these. Well, the earrings I recieved had more green on the bottom bead than pink. I didn't like the fact that there was more green than pink and I didn't think it was worth returning them so I literally got out a bottle of pink nail polish and just painted them the shade that I wanted. Wasn't what I expected but you get what you pay for. <end>  pretty earrings  The color combination is a unique with the pink/green/cream mix. The length is just right - not too long/sparkly.My ears are sensitive to cheap metal. This item is good -- I've worn several times for a full work day with no problems. <end>  Beautiful!  It was a gift for my mom and she really enjoyed it. She loved the colors, the style and it looks really beautiful. <end>  Really beautiful!  These earrings were chosen as a gift for my sister. They are more beautiful that this lovely photograph! She loved them. <end>  Very pretty earrings  These earrings are very lovely and well-made. I love the lobster-claw type of closure so they don't fall out but move without hurting. <end>
 B0007WT3VS  AIDS Awareness Ribbon Red Stretch Heart Toggle Bracelet ||	  Love it, well made, will be ordering another one.  Love it, well made, will be ordering another one. The bracelet is very good looking and gets our Aids Awareness attention out there for the ppl to see. Many compliments! <end>  Great!  I love this bracelet. My wrist is small so I had to adjust it a bit differently, but it looks exactly how I expected. <end>
 B0007WV3MA  Pink Crystal Bead Heart Charm Stretch Bracelet for Mom ||	  GORGEOUS BRACELET  I JUST GOT THIS FOR MOTHER'S DAY,IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL.I WILL ALWAYS TREASURE THIS BRACELET. <end>
 B0007YD254  Sterling Silver Blue Venetian Millefiori Star Pendant ||	  It's really beautiful!  I bought this as a birthday present for my sister...I am tempted to keep it for myself! The Millefiori star pendant is very striking...and delicate. <end>  Beautiful piece  I LOVED this necklace. In fact I loved it so much I bought it twice but had to give it a 4 instead of a 5 because BOTH times it dropped on the ground and shattered to pieces. And I just don't love it enough to buy it a third time no matter how much I loved it. I guess I need a more durable necklace! <end>
 B0007YUKT0  CZ and Synthetic Opal Sterling Silver Dolphin Pin ||	  silver dolphin  We are fans of dolphin and this pin seemed to fit well with our overall support of dolphin conservation. The pin is pretty and of good quality. It was a good buy. <end>
 B0007YXP7E  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Pink Cubic Zirconia Princess cut Eternity Polished Rhodium plated 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  How can you not like a classic  I originally bought this ring in dark pink, loved it so much I went back and bought another and then added the white and light pink. Size runs slightly larger which is great for me since I am not a true 8. The service is great too. <end>  pink stones  I was very happy with this purchase. I love pink stones and wanted it to go with my set. Great service A+ site. Thanks also to Amazon for bringing us "together". <end>  so pretty  it's so nice for a ring, it's so perfect, i like it a lot. worth the price and shipping was fast <end>  Love it!!  I bought this ring with one in plain cubic to wear everyday. With two kids at home I don't wear my wedding or engagement rings because they leave scratches on the kids. I bought these two rings because they are my kids birthstones and I love them! They are comfortable enough to wear on my right hand and I dont even know I have them on. I agree with the reviewer who said that they were a little bit big but I just wear them on the next finger. <end>  Very Nice!  I received the ring today & it is very beautiful. But I disagree with the other reviews that say it is too big, it actually fits snug on my finger! Otherwise, very, very nice. Only going 4 stars because of that, we'll see how it wears, then I might change up a star!  -) <end>  Awesome  Excellent service, the ring was delivered before the arrival date and the most important thing my gf is happy because the surprise. <end>  Perfect customer service  The ring did not fit it was to big so i called and the said all i had to do is send the ring back and have a check or money order for the return fee of 4.95 and they would exchange it. They were very nice and professional. THANK YOU SO MUCH for a great purchase. The ring is very beautiful and perfect. <end>  beautiful  this is a very pretty ring, I wear it as a wedding ring,it is a very soft pink that looks great as an upgrade to just a clear stone. I highly recommend. <end>  Petite and dainty  Not a substantive ring, but very cute and dainty. A little smaller than I thought it would be, but still worth keeping for the price. <end>
 B0007Z6TH6  Zina Sterling Silver Etched Square Earrings ||	  Zina Sterling Silver Square earrings  Love these earrings. I purchased for granddaughter and she loves them. I am going to buy myself a pair. Just the right size for a 13 year old girl. <end>
 B0007Z6TNA  14k Yellow Gold & Square Coin Freshwater Cultured Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  I gave these earrings as a Christmas gift to my best friend. She loved them. These earrings look so nice and so unusual. Square cultured pearls in a dainty gold frame - I'm getting a pair for myself too! <end>
 B0007ZEAAY  Silver-plated Hoop Earrings W/pearly Cat-eye Beads ||	  HOOP CIRCLE 1 1/2' DIAMETER CUTE  3 STAR SINCE BEADS DO NOT STAY IN PERFEC ALIGNMENT LIEK IN PICTURE. The tiny metal that holds them on hoop moves so they bunch up. <end>
 B0007ZFX82  Sterling Silver Borzoi Dog Pendant ||	  LOVELY BORZOI!  My husband got me this necklace for my birthday. At first I was disappointed because it was not the large gold charm I had wanted but I give him credit for actually searching for a Borzoi necklace for me..he knows NOTHING about jewelery! The head study is very pretty and I get TONS of compliments on it. Plus...you can't beat the price! It looks much more expensive! <end>
 B0007ZFX8W  Sterling Silver Dachshunds Dog Pendant ||	  Great gift for the Dachshund lover!  I'm going to preface my review by stating that my wife is a HUGE wiener-dog fan...she spoils our Dachshund a lot (I'll admit, so do I) and just loves anything that involves Dachshunds. So, I would recommend you only buy this for someone if they are a big Dachshund fan.With that being said, this was a very nice little pendant and my wife wears it all the time (remember, big wiener-dog fan we're talking about). It had a good weight to it and doesn't feel cheap at all. I was very pleased with this purchase! <end>
 B0007ZHG64  Sterling Silver Italian Greyhound Dog Pendant ||	  Awesome!  I get a million compliments on my italian greyhound charm -- so cute -- absolutely perfect! <end>
 B0007ZHVLE  Dangle Earrings w/Emerald pipe beads ||	  Good product!!  I feel that is good earring!! But not perfect. So I give that 4 star. <end>
 B0007ZKF7Q  Gerber Daisy Crystalline Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Really cute even after 6 months!  I've had this for over 6 months and it still looks brand new even though I've never taken it off. It's really cute and not heavy like most dangle belly rings. <end>
 B0007ZLFKC  Antique Silver Violet Gem Flourishing Star Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Pretty Belly ring!  The belly ringI got is small, but nice. The picture is accurate, and it looks adorable. I think it would flatter anyone. <end>
 B0007ZLFKW  Full Bloom Solar Blue Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  awesome!!  I bought this barbell for my inner conch piercing in my right ear. While it looks wonderful in the picture, it is even more beautiful when you actually see it. I love the way it looks in my ear, and it dangles behind my lobe, just a bit below. It's very pretty and unique. I definately recommend this ring! <end>  Gorgeous  While a bit bigger than I imagined, this is well made, gorgeous and can you believe this price? I still can't, and I wear this belly ring all the time! <end>
 B0007ZM98E  ROVER Three Dimensional Dog Bone and Food Bowl Charm in Sterling Silver, #2491 ||	  Love it!  This charm is adorable, cute and sturdy. Just love it. it's also petite and looks really nice on my charm bracelet. <end>
 B0007ZN0NM  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 5 | UK J | IT 9 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B0007ZN0O6  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 7.5 | UK O | IT 15 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B0007ZNJVK  Izzy Lizzy Crystalline Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  cute  This belly ring is cute to be fair. I was worried about it getting caught in clothing alothough that has not become a problem because it is always getting tangled with itself. The tail always gets caught on the arms or legs and leaves the lizard as more of a clump of metal with shiny stones in it. If this functioned better and just hung/dangled the way its intended to, i would definately have given it a higher rating. <end>  Cute  I have a little thing for lizard jewlery. This was the perfect addition to my collection! <end>
 B0007ZR8M6  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 4.5 | UK I | IT 8 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B0007ZR8N0  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 10 | UK T | IT 22 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B0007ZSKN2  Tagliamonte Classics Collection - Pearls & Rubies 18K Gold Ring USA 10.5 | UK U | IT 23 ||	  Not well made for the price.  For an item that is so expensive, this ring is not as well made as I would have expected. Specifically, the side "columns" are not even in length. Also, the cab rubies are not uniform in color. I just had the feeling that I was paying more for the name of the designer than for the quality of the ring. <end>
 B0007ZWQPA  Sterling Silver Elven Flower Fairy with Siberian Blue Quartz Slide Pendant ||	  cute  It's a good size, looks nice, only wish it was double sided.This is a good company, verry much what you see is what you get.If you like the picture, you will like the product. <end>
 B00080AACU  Purple Desire Round Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  OK but...  First of all, I have nothing but praise for Body Candy. They ship their items extremely fast. The downside is that they will send you a lot of emails (which include coupons, but still). The Purple Desire belly ring was my first purchase from them.It is cute, but pretty cheaply made. The stone in the ball is of a different color than the dangly ones. Furthermore, the dangly part tends to twist (which can be painful) and remains stuck until you untwist it.That said, I am glad to have given Body Candy other chances, because their other products were more than satisfactory. <end>
 B00080AAFM  Purple Desire Colossal Gem Belly Ring ||	  Beautiful jewelry  The belly ring looked even better in person than in the pictures. I was extremely satisfied with my purchase and would definitely buy more from the same complany again. <end>
 B00080BM86  Passion Pink Colossal Star Belly Ring ||	  Very pretty item  This is a very pretty belly ring that I purchased for my granddaughter she just loved it. <end>
 B00080G3J4  1/4 Ct.T.W. Round Brilliant Cut Diamonds, 14Kt. White Gold Diamond Ring Guard Enhancer ||	  Disappointed  [...]This one (above) is much prettier.I had purchased the one pictured through amazon at a jeweler, and at first, I thought it was pretty, but as time went on, I found that it kept seperating from my engagement ring and was told that it should be soldered together. But it looked as though just only after a year's time, the enhancer had tarnished a lot, and the white gold had worn off quite a bit, so I didn't want to make that committment. I was very disappointed with it, but couldn't return it. <end>
 B00080LGLE  Art Deco Orthoceras Pendant ||	  Awesome pendant  I bought it few days ago and wear it for several times already.And got only WOWs comments)))))It exceeded my expectations, though I loved it from a first glance.It's beautifully crafted, extremely stylish and great designed - I absolutely love it!I will recomend this Designer artworks! <end>
 B00080OD3C  Carved Black Onyx and Moonstone Pendant ||	  that's what's nice  I really like this pendant, it has great contrast. Can you make one of garnet, turquoise? Do you have matching earrings? <end>
 B00080Q7X6  Amethyst, Opal & Rhodalite Garnet Stacking Ring (size  7) ||	  Poor Delivery  Item ordered one month ago, never shipped. Two e-mails never answered. When we called we were told the item was never shipped, no reason. Told it would be shipped two day air. Three days later it is still not here. The piece may be beautiful but I can't tell since I still have not received it. <end>
 B00080QZH4  3 Stone Sterling Silver Created Sapphire Cubic Zirconia Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  The stone is a more subdued blue than it shows in the picture, but that could be due to my monitor more than any misrepresentation. The band is thick enough to feel very sturdy without feeling bulky. The prongs holding the stones do not snag at all (which is a problem I commonly have with cheaper jewelry). The stones have a wonderful sparkle. Overall, it's a gorgeous ring! <end>
 B00080QZHO  Antique Style Cubic Zirconia Engagement and Wedding Rings ||	  please get this in on size 6  PLEASE GET THIS IN A SIZE 6-I WANT IT SO BAD. IT IS SO BEAUTIFUL. <end>
 B00081MUAE  Jessica Simpson Replica CZ Wedding Band ||	  Does not rate a star  I was thoroughly disappointed with the lack of quality on this time. Within less than 3 weeks of wearing the ring, one of the CZ stones already fell out of its setting. Prior to that, I noticed that within the 1st week of wearing the ring, some of the stones were already loose within their settings. <end>  Save your money  Within a week of wearing the ring the biggest stone fell out. Was really disappointed because for the price the ring looked pretty good. <end>  What can you expect?  For $19.49, you get that much quality...basically none. And Jessica is only trying to make more and more money with cheap rings. Save you money until you can buy a more decent ring that looks a lot better. <end>  My 9 yr old has better rings !  Although this ring is very pretty on screen ~ Buyer Beware ! In person it is cheap looking and a couple of the stones are crooked, I have not bothered to send it back ~ not worth the aggravation ~ my 9 yr old uses it to play dress-up (she has better looking dress-up rings in her collection - need I say more !) <end>  Fabulous and Classy look! GREAT Customer Service !  This ring is just gorgeous and looks completely real. I have gotten so many compliments on it! The only catch is that the manufacturer decided to make the newer version of this same ring, with smaller diamonds. I ordered another ring for a friend and received this scaled down diamond version. I sent it back requesting the old (bigger diamond) version like the one I already own...LET ME STRESS THIS, Customer Service is OUTSTANDING. They quickly responded to my request and shipped the older version ring to me with no problems. So if you want the new version, the diamonds are smaller (just as beautiful, just not what I wanted) If the old version is available, I highly recommend it. <end>
 B00081NC9M  Sterling Silver Floating Heart Earrings ||	  Pretty earings  The earrings were nice, but a little on the flimsy side. The peice that goes into the ear is very easily bent. The shipping was quick, and so was the service. <end>  dainty earrings  I received these earrings for Christmas to match a necklace I received in 2005. The earrings are lightweight and comfortable. They arrived nicely packaged and are truly lovely. <end>  In Love  These were a little smaller than what I expected. They are ok for the money, but if you are looking to impress then you might want to look elsewhere. <end>  GOOD Product  Very good product.I liked them a lot, and my girlfriend love them.Good price <end>  It's So Beautiful For Any Girl  i like it and also she like it & sooo nice for anyone who want to buy a gift for his girlfrnd  D <end>  The girlfriend loved them  My girlfriend loved these. They are very good quality. They were also a good match for a pendant that I had purchased previously. <end>
 B00081NCA6  Sterling Silver and Diamond Hoop Earrings ||	  shoddy clasp  These earrings are small but pretty. One of the clasps did not close properly and I should have sent them back. Of course, I lost one within two months. Not a good buy! <end>  Very pretty, but bad clasp  These earrings are very pretty and sparkly medium sized bottom hinged hoops. They measure 5/8 inch in diameter. The diamonds are very small, but glittery. Great earrings for everyday wear. However, as other reviews have mentioned, the clasp is not good. It is very very loose. It is possible to tighten up the clasp somewhat by bending inward the clasp end that the post clicks into using a pair of jewelry pliers. However, I will always be careful while wearing these earrings and check that they are still in place quite frequently.I like these earrings so much that I have ordered another pair as a gift. <end>  Gorgeous  I bought these on sale and am very pleased with them. Sure, the diamonds are miniscule, but they sparkle. The combined effect of the gems and metal-work is gorgeous.Gentlemen, these would be a nice gift for your lady as long as she's the kind of woman who can appreciate small diamonds. If you're not sure, then play it safe. You can get her something pretty in white gold for the same price. <end>  Merelyn  The clasp did not work securely and the earrings fell off. I really was unhappy with the quality of the product. <end>  glitter  The earrings I selected are very different. They add beauty to any wardrobe. They were a real bargain. I'm very pleased with them. <end>  I love ordering from Amazon  I've just started using Amazon over the past year or so, and I can honestly say that I have been completely satisfied, not only with the merchandise, but the speed with which it arrived. <end>  Ok  The price was right (got them in a gold box sale) and they are pretty, but the clasp is iffy at best. The clasp doesn't hold tightly no matter what I do, so I imagine I will eventually lose one or both of these earrings. I wear them sparingly because of this. <end>
 B00081NCE2  Sterling Silver Double Squares Drop Earrings ||	  Cheap looking  Most of my earrings are sterling silver by preference. I don't know what these are-maybe there is a new method that creates a product that looks like it is plastic with shiney silver paint on it.I don't wear them at all-they look like they came out of a bubble gum machine. <end>
 B00081NCHE  14k Yellow Gold Freshwater Cultured Pearl, Peridot, and Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  perfect earrings  I bought the necklace to go with this pair of earrings and I just love them. I love the earrings because they're light and don't hurt my ear lobes. I just wish I could find the bracelet to go with this set. <end>  Lovely set - nice colors  I ordered the necklace and earrings and was pleased with the set. The colors in the stones and pearls are quite nice. The weight is good for the earrings - not too heavy. The set is very pretty and I've received many compliments on the set. The colors allow you to wear this set with a variety of summer outfits. I'm pleased to recommend the set along with a reading of Farenheit 451. <end>  Beautiful but watch the wires!  I bought a pair of these to go with the necklace. I absolutely loved them -- I would get compliments whenever I wore them and the stones go with so many things I own. Unfortunately, the wires are not secure at all and I lost one of the earrings. I am buying a second pair on a gold box deal but will also be looking for plastic tubes to secure the back of the wires. <end>  lovely earrings  These earrings are really pretty, and I am happy to have them to wear with a tee shirt with a water color-y Impressionist print. But, you must use5/1x48.3x96.5mm Earring Rubber Backs -36PK/Clearor something similar or you will lose your earring(s). <end>  Pearl Earrings  I love these earrings more than any other and this is the third pair I have bought because I gave one pair as a gift and one of my other pair broke and I was upset. The only thing disappointing me was the fact that this time there were no plastic backs on the earrings and as they are very expensive backs would ensure that they dont fall out. <end>  It is quite frail, but pretty  This is a very pretty pair of earrings. The color is a little lighter than the picture, but I expected that. The length and size is quite nice, however, and the earrings look great on. Some things that drove the rating down.1. The stones are lighter than in the picture. I didn't mind this so much since I got it on sale, but others might.2. You'll need to get plastic backings for the posts. They will probably fall off the ear if one isn't careful. Or bend the posts to fall more tightly. The gold is pretty flexible.3. The chain linking is quite fragile. To be honest, one of the earrings arrived broken. I have some experience working at a Jewelry store, so I was able to conduct appropriate repairs. It's nothing that a good pair of jewelry pliars and some delicate manipulation couldn't fix. If you don't feel confident doing this, however, these are not the earrings for you. <end>  Beauty in the eye of the beholder  These earrings are simple but elegant. Absolutely beautiful. I can wear them with a variety of different earrings. I have to wear two earrings in one hole or my holes will grow right over the earrings. I plan on using this earring with an oval gold front facing hoop (it will look like a waterfall of gems)and a plain gold ribbon earring. So many ways to wear them, it's terrific! <end>  SImple,Lovely and Elegant  My bf and I bought this for his mom as a small thank you present.She absolutely loves them!! <end>  Took a chance  My wife is very picky and i took a chance with this set and she loved it. <end>  really pretty and nice made  I bought this for my wife and she loved it. Unfortunatley she misplaced them and now she wants to buy the same set again. Very pretty, very lovely. <end>  Gorgeous and Elegant  I'm very pleased with these! I ordered them in hopes that the pearls would be close enough in color to go with the pearls in the necklace and the Tiara I'm planning on wearing at my wedding... They do and the earrings are so light I don't think I'll have to suffer the ugly ear droop issues after wearing them all day. There's a little pink in my dress, my bridesmaids are wearing blue, my tiara and ring are gold... these earrings just bring all the colors together! <end>  ear rings  took over 2 months to get the product. it was a tangled mess when it arrived and took 45 minutes to get untangled. not a very good value either. CHEAP looking !! <end>  Pretty, but it kinda looks like cheap looking  My wife enjoyed it quite a bit even though I thought it was cheap looking. It didn't last long though, my wife last during the first week that we got it. <end>  Don't Waste Your Time  The jewels are lovely but, hanging off of a flimsygold wire. (?) I wasted no time sending them back.If the jewels were hanging off of a 10k gold orgold on sterling silver wire/chain it would havebeen a nice pair of earrings. I failed to readthe reviews before purchasing. Also too lightweight to be real jewels or 14K gold wire. (??) <end>  Lose earrings frequently?  I wouldn't pay good money to have the potential to lose one or both earrings because the ear wire is not secure. It is better to purchase earrings with locking ear wires, that is if you plan on keeping them for any length of time. <end>
 B00081R8R4  Sterling Silver Venetian Pink Millefiori Heart Pendant ||	  Beautiful Pendant  The Venetian glass in this pendant has great dept and color. The pendant is a work of art as well as a piece of jewelry <end>
 B0008309HI  Sterling Silver Smokey Quartz and Amethyst Pendant ||	  GREAT quality & BEAUTIFUL coloring- FABULOUS pendant!  I have my own small jewelry company and see LOTS of stones and sterling on a regular basis. I am very particular about what I will buy. It can be difficult choosing something based on a picture on line but in this case it was most definitely even nicer than pictured. Clear stones, true quality and a decent price, too! Love this seller! <end>
 B000837CNM  Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Ladies Solitaire Ring Wrap Diamonds accents ||	  Awesome Ring  The ring is everthing, if not more, than I expected and the customer service from Rich Peel is outstanding. <end>
 B00084UAX0  Sterling Silver Ring with Sapphire Blue Cubic Zirconia ||	  Unique  This is a unique piece and I do enjoy it immensely. Good weight, very interesting cut stone. My only problem is the ring sits too high for my liking. If you like this kind of thing then this ring is for you. I believe the store even carries it in other colors...well worth a look-see. <end>  love-hate relationship  I truly have a love-hate relationship with this ring.It looks really beautiful and I must admit that I fell in love with it the first time I saw it. On the other hand tho, it is very impractical (but that's kinda obvious) and even worse, the "stone" fell out (without me noticing) very soon (it was sorta shaky before and it was bound to happen sooner or later)......but I still bought it again just to have it (which is, believe it or not, not something I usually do)... so there you go... <end>  Beware!  The ring is pretty, but the stone fell out within two weeks. I only wore it a few times. I definitely do not recommend it. <end>
 B00084W5R4  V Shaped Sterling Silver Choker ||	  Not a one size fits most..........  This choker can be slightly bent / adjusted, but it didn't lay right on my neck. I tried adjusting it to different widths, but it didn't curve around my neck no matter what, just kinda dug into the sides of my neck near the back. It also fell off quite often. Maybe b/c my neck is on the larger side, around 15 inches, but I'm not sure. The ends don't really curve around the back of the neck as pictured. <end>
 B00084W6QY  The Key To My Heart Pave CZ Pendant ||	  Very Tiny  This is a cute pendant, but it is extremely small, also the length of the necklace was not long enough. <end>  Good buy!  Pretty and sparkly! Quick delivery and a quality product. The little key does not have much sparkle to it, so I gave it 4 stars. <end>  Love this  I really like this necklace! I also get a lot of compliments. My best friend keeps threatening to steal it.  ) It is very pretty. I wear it a lot and I've had it for 6 months. It is still in great shape. <end>  Very pretty  Very pretty necklace and the perfect length, nice that there is a choice on the length as well. <end>  Heart and key  I get a lot of complaments on the heart and key pendent. I have been looking for one for a while, and this one I saw on someone else and then I knew it was the one. <end>
 B00084WBJ6  Sterling Silver Belt Buckle Ring ||	  neato  This ring is the perfect addition to my ultra trendy sister's wardrobe. SHe just loves it... <end>
 B00084WC5O  Sterling Silver Ring with Dangle Heart - 8 ||	  Very cute ring  I bought this ring for my teenage niece and she love it. It is perfect for a teen or someone who doesn't like big jewelry. She wears it all the time. <end>  Dangle Heart Ring  The O ring that holds the charm on has already broken off and is now unwearable and the charm was lost when this happened since I didn't know when or where it happened. I really liked it until this happened. It really didn't seem that fragile. <end>
 B00084XDVQ  Sterling Silver Belt Buckle Ring ||	  neato  This ring is the perfect addition to my ultra trendy sister's wardrobe. SHe just loves it... <end>
 B00084Z8B4  Sterling Silver Peace Sign Necklace with Pave Cubic Zirconia ||	  Fine Piece of Jewelry  This peace sign pendant is a fine piece of jewelry. I ordered one for my daughter for Christmas. I wanted more, but they went out of stock. I shall be ordering one for myself and one for my daughter's best friend in the near future. Very impressive and classy! <end>  Love the necklace  I love this necklace. It was just what I was looking for. Every time I wear it people comment on it. <end>
 B00084ZDL4  Bella's Twilight Inspired Mother Of Pearl Ring ||	  Disapointed at the size  The ring is much smaller than what it appears like in the photo. The photo gives the impression that the pearl is large and slightly raised. The "pearl" in the ring I got was actualy set flat in to the ring and it looked like cheap mother of pearl, nothing like in the photo. Also the band of the ring is very thin. Overall I was very disapointed and I rarely wear the ring. <end>  Cute  I'm an anti-Twilight, but a big fan of mother of pearl. I was specifically looking for a small-sized MOP and I found it doing a search under jewelry. I didn't know that it was an EA celeb creation to appease Twitards. I like the asymmetrical band setting, but EA should tell fans it ISN'T a cabochon, but a FLAT MOP (the photo is a bit deceptive). <end>  Beautiful!  It looks JUST like the one in the movie! Absolutely beautiful! I wear mine almost every day. I get so many compliments! It's not too big or too small. I havent had a bit of problems with it and I'm so glad I purchased this ring. <end>
 B00084ZK6M  Sterling Silver Stackable Cubic Zirconia Band w/ CZ Pastels ||	  much to thick  I was very disappointed with this product. the ring setting is so high all the way around that you cannot close your fingers comfortably. <end>
 B000850VEC  Pink CZ Sterling Silver Engagement Ring ||	  adorable fake!  I love it! I like pink stones, and other rings I've seen with Topaz, &c. come with real diamonds. (I'm anti-conflict diamonds.) <end>
 B000851IYY  Sterling Silver Earrings with Pastel Cubic Zirconias ||	  Very, very pretty  These earrings are even prettier in person than they are on-line. Excellent price too. <end>
 B000853L3K  White and Pink Freshwater Pearl Triple Strand Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  I bought these for my girlfriend, to match a necklace - and they're perfect! Everyone who sees them comments on how nice they are! Thanks Eve! <end>  Gorgeous!  I ordered these earrings along with their matching necklace. They are beautiful pieces of jewelry! The earrings are a little longer than I had imagined (though the length is clearly stated in the product description), so I wouldn't recommend them for anyone who doesn't like dangly earrings. The set of earrings and necklace would make a lovely gift. <end>
 B0008F0ZVQ  Sterling Silver Bicone Shape Multicolor 7mm Crystal Wavy Charm 7.5 8 8.5 9 inch Bracelet With Lobster Clasp Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  No satisfecha  Hola, nunca me he puesto la pulsera, porque se oscurecio enseguida, no me agrado el producto... Es una pena xq me parecio hermosa cuando la vi... <end>  Must have tiny wrist  No way could I wear this bracelet. The silver tubing is rigid therefore you better have a tiny wrist to wear this. Unfortunently, it was not worth the money to return it. <end>  Pretty, elegant sterling piece  Very dainty and petite bracelet with nice extension feature. Swarovski crystals are very colorful and sparkly. A nice piece to wear dressed up with a dress or down with jeans. <end>  Definitely Recommended  Delicate, beautiful and different + a great price and quick shipment. I just love it! <end>  Definitely recommend  Very beautiful bracelet and friendly service. To top it off, received the bracelet very quickly. Will shop with again. Thank you  -) <end>
 B0008F6GG4  Stunning! Sterling-silver Black Hills Gold Women's 12k Rose-and-lime-gold Butterfly Ring ||	  Don't waste your money on this.  Looks MUCH better in this online photo than in person! Looks terrible ad the butterfly is not clearly defined, kind of looks smeared together. Bought for my mother who loves Blackhills gold, and I was embarrassed when she showed it to me over Christmas. (I had it mailed to her). <end>
 B0008GGH4Y  Northwest Totem Pole Pendant for Men or Women in Sterling Silver, #2613 ||	  To Stand Out In A Crowd. . .  This item caught my eye during an exhaustive search for just the right pendant for my new chain. Finding a pendant that is both affordable and unique was a bit of a challenge, but this pendant was just what I was looking for. It's not solid, but concaved in the back, but otherwise it's everything i had hoped for. <end>
 B0008GMQ2Q  14K White Gold Diamond Wedding Ring Set, Semi-Mount (Center stone is not included) ||	  love it but...  I love the ring but I had to spend another $100.00 to have three of the smaller dimonds straightened and secured. I was not happy about that. All in all it is beautiful. <end>
 B0008IV4G8  Sterling Silver Teardrop Clear AB crystal 1.5 inch Long Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  nice pendant  Nice pendant arrived as pictured. The crystal is not perfectly clear - it does have a coating or is of the color pictured - predominantly an ice blue sort of color that changes in the light or as the pendant is moved about - I find this finish superior to a simple clear crystal, very nice.The crystal does shine brightly and cast little 'prisms' readily - even more so than larger crystal pendants of different composition / brand. It had not even occurred to me that this item was intended specifically for purposes of jewelry, I was looking for it as a pendant to hang from a car's rear view mirror. For this purpose, it is perfectly suited, and its compact size works to its advantage as it does not hit the windshield or otherwise get in the way. <end>  Truly beautiful as the picture  This pendant is gorgeous. It reflects the color of your clothing and therefore will match with whatever you are wearing. It is approx. 1-1/2" from top to bottom so it hangs beautifully. <end>  Looks like the picture  I got this as a gift and the recipient loved it. It looks just like it does in the picture and it is something that you can wear with whatever color you like. I'm glad I bought it. <end>  Excellent!  This is a very pretty pendant. I was surprised at the quality for the price. Lots of sparkle!! <end>  Terrific!!  My wife's sister was very excited,and well-pleased to receive this item asa birthday gift. The pendant is beautiful,and will complement anything aperson wants to wear. <end>  Not as clear as it described  This item is coated, if you are looking for a clear crystal as it DESCRIBES, you will be fooled like myself. Very disappointed. <end>
 B0008JGZ66  Amazon.com  3 Carat Bling Bling Austrian Crystal Earrings - Pink  Clothing ||	  Very Pretty  These earrings were just beautiful. The picture is good, but they are prettier in person. <end>
 B000927YRG  High Quality Stainless Steel Skull Ring ||	  Beautiful  It's a bit big for the fingers I want to wear it on, but thats the only bad part of ordering jewelry online. You cant try it on. I could send it back, but why? With such an awesome ring, I really don't care if it fits snuggly or not. Wear it on a finger that fits the best. Great ring. Beautiful shine. Discreet enough to not draw attention to the skull imprint. Definitely a great buy if it i really retailed at 3 figures. <end>  Beautiful and well crafted  I received this ring and it exceeded my expectations. Just a beautiful and well crafted ring. Excellent quality. <end>  I love this Ring.  I love this Ring. Made well and fills grat on my finger. I would recomend this ring to anybody looking for a non-flashy but badass skull ring. <end>  Wow, nice ring  I bought this ring very recently and it's a nice shiny ring. The metal is high quality stainless steel. The skull on the front is small and understated, and is small enough that it does not draw attention. The ring otherwise is a silver band. For me they didn't have my size, so I bought the next size up and wear it on my middle finger, works great. The price for this ring also is a great deal. Stainless steel is usually hard to come by at such a great price. <end>  "Yorick" ring  I'm totally in agreement with S. Ateser......On my finger it is much more refined and understated than the photo. <end>  Did not look like the picture  Unfortunately, the ring I received was a very distorted version of the one shown in the picture. The skull looks like Darth Vader. I'm so disappointed. <end>  Awesome Ring!  This ring is very well made and looks like it should cost a lot more! Even from a distance it's obvious that it's not 'junk' metal. <end>  Nice ring!  Very nice ring for my 11 year old. Great construction. I personally don't believe that stainless steel should have cost more than $[...], but I couldn't find rings in my son's size anywhere else. <end>
 B00093EFIQ  Sterling Silver Plain Huggy Earrings ||	  Nice  the only thing is that they are a little heavy for my ears, other than that they are really great <end>
 B00093FZ62  Zina Sterling Silver Snap Hoop Earrings ||	  Elegant And Classic!  I was so pleased to recieve my pair of Sterling Silver Snap Hoop Earrings by Zina yesterday! They are small, but very beautiful. I plan on leaving them in forever. They are that comfortable. Very lightweight and shiny! I am so happy I chose these. Give yourself a little treat and try them out! I love them! <end>  Great earring that's worth every penny.  The earring is very solid and has good weight (but isn't overly heavy). It looks very nice on the ear and is very well made. The snap enclosure is secure, and the hinge is seamless. I am very happy with this product. <end>  Perfect size and look  Well crafted and the perfect size. I was looking for a pair of small huggies and these were perfect. They are also comfortable and well made. <end>  She loves them  My wife needed some small hoop earrings, and these fit the bill perfectly for her. they made a perfect stocking stuffer at Christmas! <end>  good gift for a young girl  I gave these to my 10 year old daughter as a gift to wear on special occasions.She really likes them and they look like &#34;the right size&#34; on her. I think for an adult they might be a little small.They are real silver so now worries about the hypoallergenic stuff either. Thats a big plus. <end>  Beautiful and well made.  After losing one of my small white gold hoop earrings, I searched the local clothing stores for some simple silver hoops. Although I've found "cheap" silver hoops, I've never been happy with my purchases, so the search continued. You get what you pay for. On a whim, I added these earrings to my wishlist on Amazon and was delighted to receive them for Christmas. I couldn't be more pleased. They are extremely well made and I love the loud snap sound they make when I put them on. I know these won't be falling off.My mother-in-law who purchased them for me was surprised and disappointed in how small they were for the price. I think I put them on my wishlist during a black friday or cyber monday deal that was going on.... Or maybe not. I forget. But I'm happy she bought them for me. I'm looking into purchasing more Zina jewelry when I see a sale. My search for quality hoops has ended. <end>  My new go-to earrings  Bought these as a gift for someone else and ended up keeping them. They're small, so I haven't taken them off since first putting them on a couple of weeks ago. Comfortable, light, I even sleep in them. They look great. <end>  Nice but smaller than I thought.  Nice earrings but much smaller that I thought they would be based on the picture. I'll wear them for everyday but nothing special. <end>  Smaller than I expected  They are nice quality - if you want a small hoop. They are not much larger in circumference than a sleeper hoop... I just expected a bigger one. <end>  Tiny hoops and way, way overpriced  $70 !!!??? for these tiny hoops makes them extremely overpriced. Should they be put on sale for 1/2 price they'd still be too much.Just bought identical pairs of ( also .925 sterling) earrings for my nieces for $12.99 a pair from a local discount department store whose name begins with TJ. <end>  My favorite pair of earrings.  I purchased these about 3 years ago and the post on one of them just broke not too long ago. I was heartbroken. I'd like to see if I can get them fixed because they are my favorite - classy, comfortable, and they go with pretty much everything. I bought another pair of silver huggies from Blue Nile and they are nice, but they're not the same  -/ <end>  Too Small & Way Overpriced  I was so excited to get these earrings and when I opened them, I was very disappointed. They are tiny! I should have looked at the measurements more carefully, but I figured they would be a "normal size" hoop - not a thin "huggie" style - especialy for $70!! Also, they are not very shinny. I am returning them. <end>  My favorite earrings  I love these earrings. They are so comfortable I never take them off. I bought a pair for my mom and she loves them too. Wish they came in yellow gold. <end>
 B00093FZ6C  Sterling Silver Leaf Design Hoop Earrings By Zina ||	  Dainty, But Beautiful  These are a bit smaller than I thought they'd be, but I still love them. (The size is clearly indicated in the above description, so it's my fault for not taking note.) Everything I've purchased by Zina is beautiful. I recommend these earrings. <end>  "WORKHORSE" jewelry!  These go with EVERYTHING I wear. After wearing them almost nonstop for over a year, I lost one while doing yardwork...and it took a LOT of force to get it out of my ear (I was trying to squeeze past a tree limb...my fault!...even my baby daughter never managed to pull them out) So now I am back to pay this high price AGAIN to get another pair...that's how great they are! These are .7 of an inch long...if you want a bigger pair, there is also a pair that is .9 inches long...they are a bigger hoop but the metal is thinner...this pair is smaller but thicker...I have seen both in person and prefer the shorter thick ones...the thinner ones felt a little cheap, but that's just my opinion. <end>
 B00093IMTO  Sterling Silver 10mm Princess Cut Diamond CZ Stud Earrings ||	  HUGE dissapointment  I wanted a reasonably priced CZ princess stud earring that wouldn't turn my ear green. Eve's Addiction products are dependable and durable, but they were HUGE. I mean almost 2 carats each. They should really specify the size because i wouldn't of thought they would be so over-the-top big. So now they'll be costume jewelry or given away. <end>
 B00094CVPO  Rose and Green Foil Glass Beads Sterling Silver 8.5" Bracelet ||	  For the price, this is a GREAT GIFT, either for a Guy, or His Girl  This piece is no light weight, and is adjustable for most wrists.I've worn it a few times, and there is no tarnish, or signs of flaking, etc.Really, its a godo buy, and a perfect addition to (OUR) collection, as my wife seems to like it as well as I do, (and of course she wears it better than I do), but then We've been married for two decades, what else am I gonna say??This is one of many pieces purchased from this vendor, and will not be the last. <end>  Really ugly  This bracelet is really ugly. If I could give it no stars I would. It is overly huge and disproportionate - too wide and flat, suitable only for a really large person. I had been trying to bend it in shape to make it look acceptable, but that didn't work. Might work as a candlestick holder or curtain tie or something else. This product is an insult to all that is called jewellery. Don't waste $13 on it. <end>
 B00095MD8S  Antica Murrina Cuba - Murano Glass Drop Pendant Necklace orange/gold ||	  Beautiful necklace  I ordered this for my mother-in-law's birthday and it is just beautiful. The necklace is a showcase piece - it makes a statement that is both modern and refined. The packaging was just as pretty; it could easily be given to someone as a gift right from the box. <end>
 B00095ME14  Mana Pearls Black Leather Necklace ||	  Beautiful Tahitian Pearl Necklace  Not a perfect black pearl but beautiful design and my daughter loves it. <end>  excellent  I'm very happy with the quality of the product, the attentive service, and the speedy shipping. <end>
 B00099Z3RW  Mother of Pearl Butterfly Ring (size  7) ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  This ring is picture perfect! I've been wearing it for over 2 months, and the metal and mother of pearl still look like the day I bought it. Fit was perfect as well. <end>
 B0009A122G  Oval Mother of Pearl Woven Ring (size  9) ||	  Beautiful ring  This ring is a good size and very substantial -- nice heavy silver and a large stone. I love it and wear it often. <end>  Beautiful  This is a gorgeous ring. It fits just a tad big, but not bad. The pearl is very nice. It is a nice quality ring. <end>
 B0009BANIO  Sterling Silver Etoile Band with Inlaid Cubic Zirconias ||	  Hollowed Out!  This ring is hollowed out, and therefore not as comfortable as a ring that isn't. I only wore it a few times and gave it to charity. <end>  better than expected  This is a really pretty ring. People have noticed it and asked me about it. They do not realize it is silver and CZ. The CZ's are small, but I have worn this ring most days and it looks new. It's great for every day. I am very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B0009BC5NU  Sterling Silver Daisy Dangle Earrings ||	  Twists Funny on ear lobe.  Beautiful silver Daisy but the earring latch turns so you see the back of the earring rather than front. Kinda sticks out... I attached the earring to a French Hook and it lays nicer but looks a little rigged. <end>
 B0009DNGOK  Emerald Cut Lime Green CZ Ring ||	  Beautiful!  This ring is as beautiful as it looked on the internet. I as very pleased with it. <end>
 B0009E7A14  Faberge Style EGG ||	  purple  beautiful,amazing golden piece and some faberge style.I will buy another for my sister. <end>
 B0009EJW2E  Amber, Turquoise and Recycled Glass Bead Earrings ||	  unique design  I bought this pair of earrings for a Christmas present. They will be lucky to leave my home - I also bought the turquoise necklace that Curious Designs sells. I may have to buy myself a pair of these earrings. They are smaller than they might appear, but they stand out. A beautiful concept and arrangement. <end>
 B0009EP7V4  Horseshoe Pendant in Sterling Silver and Cubic Zirconia ||	  Doesn't really sparkle  It is an adorable necklace, but I was hoping for the CZ to sparkle just a little bit, but they don't. I would have been happier if this horseshoe was all sterling silver and no CZ. <end>  Horse shoe necklace  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my niece. It comes in a nice(cardboard) box and inside of a jewelry bag as well. But it was smaller than I expected. The horse shoe is a little bigger than a dime-It would probably encircle one. The chain is quite fine. It's nice, but not of extreme quality. At that price I think because it's a designer name in western jewelry. My niece seemed happy. <end>
 B0009EYJIQ  Titanium Key Ring ||	  Titanium Key Ring  The keyring is very nice. I had no idea just how light titanium is. The caps screw on and while the engineering and tolerances are quite tight, it's easy to see the caps coming unscrewed, making the ring kinda useless. Definately advised to crank the caps on very tightly after putting your keys on it.Additinally, the metal is quite plyable and i've had to stop myself many times from bending the ring while fidgiting with my keys. <end>  One screw is gone ...  One screw is gone ... amazon did not help me to replace it. Therefore the Key Ring is not operational. The screws are very problematic . <end>  Just ok...  I love Titanium. I think its one of the best materials out there. Its as strong as steel, yet half the weight. I have titanium watches, bracelets, chains, and rings. Compared to those items this just seems, ehh...Finish is dull, caps will come unscrewed if you dont tighten them has much as possible (and check periodically for changes), and the size doesnt accomidate as many keys as I thought it would. I only have 8 keys on it but with the caps (approx. 1/4" long each) it seems a little cramped. It's feasible and I only paid $14.40 because of "Friday Sale" so I probably wont return it. <end>  Titanium Key Ring  Very small and not really worth the money. The screw on end becomes loose easily and comes off and the keys fall off. I ended up losing it all together. <end>  okay product  The product is good looking but the two edges of the keychain screw on and off too easily. I just purchased the product a couple of weeks ago and one of the ends keeps unscrewing on its own and I have almost lost the screws numerous times. I think I might just toss the expensive product because I am afriad it will cause me to lose my keys. I would not recommend the product. <end>  Perfect For Your Pocket  Very small and trendy. I got it for my husband and just love it! <end>  No problem at all  I like it. Thanks for other reviewer who lost the cap, I kept the end caps very tie. <end>
 B0009FBDNY  Cultured 18 Inches 1-Strand 7-8mm White Pearl Necklace & 7-7.5mm White Pearl Earrings with Silver Mount ||	  Pretty nice set  The pearls are beautiful. The product matches 100% to it description.The only suggestion my wife has is to make the clasp and the mount either both yellow gold or both silver. <end>  broken  The pearls looked nice and my daughter loved them, but the clasp broke while she was wearing them and luckily noticed that it had broken and the necklace had fallen off. These were purchased for her to wear in her wedding now we have to take the time to get it repaired before the wedding. <end>
 B0009FJ9V2  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality 18 Inch Round 6.5-7mm White Akoya SaltWater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Beautiful, and excellent value  I was skeptical about buying jewelry over the internet, but the prices were too good to pass up, and Augustina Jewelry had gotten such great reviews that I figured I'd take a chance. I'm VERY glad I did! The string of pearls is beautiful, and the stringing very carefully done. The quality seems excellent - there's no need to spend more.On a side note, Augustina Jewelry is one of the best online stores/sellers that I've ever dealt with. Great customer service every time I've contacted them. <end>  Beautitful necklace - nice gift.  I bought these for my wife for her first mother's day this year. She has a pair of pearl earrings already and I wanted to get her this matching necklace. The matching part didn't work out (more on that later), but I am totally pleased with the necklace. But initially I wasn't...When I got the pearls, I compared them to her earrings and they were noticeably smaller. I really wanted matching size and so I started to consider other options. I went to the mall to a major department store and found some freshwater pearls that were 0.5mm smaller than her earrings (I think they are 8.0mm). So I bought them because 1) the size was a better match and 2) they were $110 cheaper. I figured I'd just return the Akoyas.I came home and compared the freshwater pearl necklace to the earrings and it was a good size match. But that's the end of the good news story. The freshwater pearls were not nearly as round as the Akoya and they were stranded very poorly (very tight to the point of the necklace not draping or laying or swaying nicely). Also, I found the color of the Akoyas to be more pleasing.So despite my attempt to get a better match, when I laid the freshwater pearls next to the Akoya strand, I felt there was no comparison. The $110 extra was absolutely worth it. And now I have an excuse to upgrade her earrings to Akoya in the future.So my final, honest advice is  Men - don't cheap out. Buy the good stuff, it will be worth it. <end>  Some Small Concerns, But a Beautiful Overall Necklace  Let me precede this review first by stating that I am a 24 year old male who has never purchased Pearls before in my life. My knowledge of pearls are, at best, extremely limited. Thus, I decided to do a little bit of research on Akoya pearls and the difference between saltwater and freshwater pearls before purchasing this necklace. As this is a gift to my girlfriend of two years for Christmas/New Years, I wanted to make sure she was pleased with this item thoroughly. After purchasing through Amazon at the extremely fair price of $350.00 (supposedly 50% off the marked price, my necklace came in roughly three days later via USPS mail. Very quick indeed.Opening the package up, the first item that dropped out was an appraisal of the necklace by some third party company, and at the price of $2,500. There are multiple things that I find a bit surprising about this appraisal. The first thing is that the value is $2,500; like I said before, I do not know a great deal about pearls. However, To value these at anything near this amount is, to be honest, kind of crazy. I don't know where they came up with this value. As another reviewer said, they might have the currency incorrect. If the Pearls are retailing now at $350.00 dollars, I don't see who would appraise them for $2,500. The second thing that jumped out at me regarding the appraisal is that its no more than a copy of an appraisal. It looks like the millionth copy of the same proposal, stuffed into every box of pearls. In other words, it looks silly and outdated. The third thing that jumped out of me, which confirms my last statement, is that there's a date on the appraisal of 2003. I'm not sure how the value of pearls has declined or inclined throughout the years, but seven years ago was a VERY long time ago when it comes to comparing the value of anything. I think Augustina should seriously take a second to rethink how they want to go about with the appraisal, as it does seem a little tacky and outdated. If the appraisal value was anything near the retail price of the pearls currently, and if the date wasn't seven years ago, I think I would be a little more comfortable receiving this paper with my purchase.The pearls themselves are quite beautiful. They are threaded by silk, per Augustina, and are a shimmering mix of light pink hue. Another reviewer on Amazon mentioned that Augustina should consider removing the "white" wording on the item title, as these aren't exactly white. I can confirm this (although I understand the response was given that white pearls of this quality could cost significantly more). But yes, the pearls are a very light pink and seem to take on a glow of their own. Truly beautiful. My only complaints are that 1)the size of the pearls are actually quite small - take note that the are no bigger than 7mm, and judge that on your own. For me, I was taken aback when actually getting them, although when they were on my girlfriend, they seemed to fit quite nicely. But they are certainly not bulky by any means. 2)The necklace box itself is too small for the necklace. This results in double loops in the middle of the box as the ends of the box need to be banded off in order to prevent the pearls from falling out. This detracts from the original presentation of the pearls as a gift in my eyes 3)The gold clasp is kind of cheap looking. It certainly does not look like 14K gold. It looks kind of frail to be honest. Its a very thin metal structure. 4)Not all pearls are in perfect quality. Some of them have defects as you can see scratches on a number of pearls. But anything created by a creature of the sea is bound to not be physically perfect.But despite these negatives, the pearls are of excellent quality. They truly do pick up a glow from the room itself. The light radiates and bounces off of each individual pearl, and the shadow of each pearl bouncing off of one another is a sight to behold. Needless to say, my girlfriend loved the gift, and has received a dozen compliments by those close to her since wearing them. This is the first pair of real pearls she has ever received, and I'm glad I went through Augustina to get them. I believe she is quite satisfied with the gift, and in turn, I am as well. <end>  A quality purchase  I have no experience buying pearls. But once these arrived I started looking at others in the stores. These just have a soft color that says quality not quanity <end>  Looks like pearls to me  Let me begin by saying that I dont know anything about pearls (well, almost nothing). The delivered pearls are beautiful, and Im sure they are going to make her happy for Christmas. The pearls have almost no visible defects and are practically perfect. However, they are not nearly as white in color as the picture shows; mine have a pinkish hue to them. That doesn't bother me, but if you want a very white pearl don't buy these. The "third party appraisal" is an absolute joke. I would be ashamed to include it in a box of pearls that cost almost 400$. It is a COPY of a generic form (no not an original) with a COPY of a signature. I also think they got a little greedy when "appraising" the pearls....2,500$. Maybe they got the currency wrong. Bottom line is someone needs to do something about that, either make the appraisal legitimate or just get rid of it.I would buy from again, but it didn't earn 5 stars. Sorry pearls. <end>  Quality product, excellent value, great service.  My wife asked me to purchase a set of pearls for my daughter for her birthday. Like a typical guy I wanted to buy them online, and I waited until close to the event to act. I reviewed several options and decided to buy through [...], because of other customer reviews, and their association with Amazon. I requested overnight shipping with my order, but failed to account for the horrendous amounts of snow in the Northeast. To their credit, Augustina got my order to Coastal Georgia on time for my daughter's birthday. Not only is my daughter in love with them, my wife believes they are nicer than two different sets I purchased for her, in years past, for more money, from brick and mortar stores. I would definitely buy from Augustina again. <end>  Nice quality.  Although not a jeweler, these pearls appear to be bright, smooth, and nicely sized. They well match the other pearl items I purchased together. <end>  Real Thing  Love these pearls. They are a good size, color is creamy with a hint of pink, and the weight is heavy, length is true, I would buy these again. Now I want the earrings! <end>  Christmas Present  The Augustina Jewelry that I bought for the wife for Christmas was beautiful(coming from my wife). After 37 years, this was the first time that I ventured out on my own to buy the wife a Christmas present without her being right over my shoulder and using her knowledge. She had been looking for pearl necklaces for at least 20 years, but never finding the one that was just right. All I have to remember was the size, 6.5 to 7 and length and Amazon did all the rest. Very satisfied. <end>  Good value.  I was impressed with this pearl set. They weren't flawless (you can't expect it for this price!), but most of the flawed pearls were near the clasp, where they won't be viewed. That is a good way to design a quality product at a reasonable cost. My daughter loved it, and I'm pleased. <end>  love my pearls  I've ordered those for myself for Valentine Day  ) and loved every pearl of the necklace... very elegant, consistent shape and color and luster. I got those after extensive research and was very pleased with the quality-price combination, which is always a dilemma... <end>  Wife's Happy  I bought these for my wife for our second Anniversary and she loved them. If she's happy, then Im happy, if you know what im sayin'. <end>  Beautiful necklace & excellent customer service  We bought our daughter pearl earrings from this seller 4 years ago & were very pleased. The necklace is beautiful, a perfect match,& our daughter was thrilled. Two small concerns the appraisal, as explained to me by the seller, is really more of an estimate for what a similar necklace would have cost several years ago in NY City. I would rather have a simple card stating the grade and size of the pearls. Also, the box provided did not fit the 18" necklace. I contacted the company about these two issues and they explained the appraisal as noted above and immediately shipped me a new, larger necklace box.Also as noted in other reviews, these pearls have a pink tone to them rather than being pure white. As it turned out, they are an exact match for the earrings we bought our daughter 4 years ago. She loves the slight blush color they have and I too think they are stunning and luminous. I suppose they are not exactly as described ("white") unless I simply don't understand how pearl shades are described. However, they are beautiful.So, bottom line, beautiful pearls, great price, excellent and friendly customer service. <end>
 B0009FJ9VM  AugustinaJewelry AAA Quality Round 6.5-7mm Akoya SaltWater cultured White Pearl Earrings with 14K Yellow Gold Mount ||	  Pearl Earrings  These pearl earrings were a great deal for the price. They appeared to be exactly what the description said they were. They were delivered promptly, in a nice gift box with appraisal paperwork. They were a Christmas gift for my daughter and she loved them. <end>  Nice Quality  Although not a jeweler, these pearls appear to be bright, smooth, and nicely sized. They well match the other pearl items I purchased together. <end>  Happy with earrings  Love the size, color and lustre of thes pearls. Wish the metal piece holding the pearl was either non-existant or even smaller but my ears are getting used to it. Will enjoy for many years. <end>  Christmas Present  Wife was very satisfied with earrings which matched the necklace perfectly. This was the first Christmas present that I had purchased with out my wifes expert opinion, turned out that she was very impressed with my purchase. <end>  Good  Good purchase, the only thing i didnt like is the earring backs, very week and the will fall so i boght better ones.The delivery was very slow and i had to go to the mail office to retrive it <end>  They alright..  J/k.. I bought these for my g/f and she liked them that's all I really cared since I just don't really give a damn about jewelery lol. <end>  Quality of goods  Items are sometimes not what they seem and it can be hit or miss with online purchases but my recent purchase of the pearl earrings was a sure hit.The items were exactly what I expected and the box they came in was ideal to use a christmas gift presentation. This seller obviously takes pride in the products sold <end>  Everything nature can offer (and More)  All I can say is that they were a gift for my wife and she hasn't taken them off since. That's what I call a Happy Anniversary!!!AAA Quality Round 6.5-7mm Akoya SaltWater cultured White Pearl Earrings with 14K Yellow Gold Mount <end>  Speechless  *December 6, 2008 review* Wow, these pearls are so Beautiful! 2nd time i bought jewelery online. Holding them for a special someone.*Jan. 5, 2012* I forgot to update this review. I keep the jewelery in the their original box safe and sound, never touched. Then in Dec. of 2010 i gave these to my girlfriend. Within a month the pearl unmounted from the gold. She was very sad and disappointed. <end>  Incredible luster  These pearls are flawless to the naked eye, round and with an amazing luster. Very attractive. <end>  Looks Can Be Deceiving  On first glance these earrings are lovely however after a few months the pearls separated from the gold mounts. Not the best craftsmanship. <end>  A Good Buy  Akoya Pearls are supposed to be the best. The only thing that I did not like is the pinkish tint on the pearls. I guess I should have specified that the pearls should be pure white. <end>  pearl earrings  they are a good quality , round , smooth, my wife loved them . they are a out standing value. this is my first time buying Jewelry online, and not from a jewelry store. item was packaged well. arrived quick. <end>  Nice pearls BUT very small - do not look expensive and quality ones  The pearls are fine, but the clip on the stud is TOO small. They look very fragile and I am afraid of getting they damaged just by taking them off and putting them on. (I do this every night before going to sleep, so I do wonder how long will they last).Actually if you are looking for good pearl earrings I am sure you can go to store so you can see them before. If you are ordering online may be you just want a pair of earrings to wear on a daily basis... honestly I made a mistake I would have bought a cheaper set, that might look pretty much the same, but if they do break I can replace them without suffering for the new expenditure. hope this help you either way to make up your mind! <end>  Great Pearls  These pearls are wonderful. My girlfriend loved them. According to her, the only problem she had was the back that holds the earring in the ear falls off. Luckily she had other backing's. I just wanted to let you all know. Otherwise, these are very nice. <end>  Beautiful and sophisticated  First I thought the pearls looked a touch smaller than I thought they would be, but once I wore them I loved them. The shine is like silk, the color is off white with sometimes a touch towards pink but they are beautiful and I love them. <end>
 B0009FJ9WG  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 6.5-7mm White Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Great find  I purchased this pearl necklace as a gift and I am most certainly satisfied with the quality of the product. While these are only freshwater pearls they are high luster and look great. Their description on the website is a very accurate representation of how they look in real life  they are near-round, some pearls have very slight blemishes, and their color is uniform. The clasp does have a 14K stamp on it, however it does not look very heavy duty. The copy of the certificate of appraisal is an ok addition to the necklace, but I did not include it when I gift wrapped the necklace. The certificate looks a little ordinary with its photo copy look and July 2004 appraisal date. Overall I would say this is a great purchase for someone looking for a pearl necklace, it looks great and you'll have people guessing as to how much you spent on it. <end>  Great bargin  Excellent quality and my Girl Friend loved them and wears them all the time. <end>  Great gift of pearls  I bought this necklace as a Christmas gift for my wife and she was ecstatic about it. She says the length is perfect and the pearls themselves look beautiful. They were a little smaller than I thought they'd be, even seeing the 6.5-7mm headline on the item page. I'd say they're more in the range of 5.5-6mm. A good purchase, though. <end>  Worth the money  I bought this necklace for my mom, after reading the reviews on Amazon. My mom liked it very much. I saw her wearing the necklace and they look really good, especially in terms of the shining and color. <end>  Great Pearls @ Affordable Price  Great set of pearls at a very affordable price. The majority of the pearls were quite round and had good luster to them. They were a bit smaller than I was expecting, but by no means small. I'm not sure if this is normal, but the pearls towards the clasp were a tad bit smaller than the ones which would show in front. Girlfriend was really happy with it and thought they were really expensive. <end>  Good value  These are a nice value. Are they the biggest pearls? No. Are they the most expensive pearls? No. but for about $90 you get a very nice necklace that's sure to please everyone -- unless your're married to Kate Gosselin or one of the Real Housewifes of Wherever. <end>  I love my necklace!  I added it to my Wishlist & received it for Christmas. I love it! The pearls are beautiful & uniform, they have beautiful color & I love wearing it! I have always wanted a pearl necklace like this! Thank you so much!!! <end>  Beautiful  These are beautiful. I bought them for my wife. She loves them. Honestly this is my first pearl purchase so I can't compare against much, but they seem like high quality. They seem to be put together very nicely. The clasp/fish hook thing was a bit of a paint but it is what it is.Good luster, nicely and uniformly sized, quality stringing. I would hesitate at this price. <end>  Beautiful necklace  Actually I ordered this necklace for my best friend's birthday and she loved. She is a very stylish woman so I am so thankful for this product. It is worth every cent I paid. And I am thinking to buy one for myself too.  ) <end>  It's So Pretty  I ordered it and it came very quickly (earlier than expected). I love this pearl necklace. <end>  Pearls. Yes, they are.  Hey guys. Hey guys, listen, guys hey, listen.So I got, hey guys?I got these pearl here, guys.Hey guys, I got these. And they got, guys?They got sent to me here, hey guys? Guys? Right here.They did.Hey guys, they sent them and I opened - hey guys? I opened the box.There were hey guys? Guys? Hey, guys?There were pearls in the box. All of them.They look good on my wife. She's not magically transformed into SooperDooperWoman, she cannot suddenly speak French, they didn't increase her already capacious IQ or bust size, and they didn't make her a better person.They just look good on her. The pearls. The end. <end>
 B0009FTH7I  Cultured 18 Inches 1-Strand 5-5.5mm White Pearl Necklace & 5-5.5mm White Pearl Earrings with Silver Mount ||	  Excellent service and jewelry  The necklace that I ordered for my wife was absolutely beautiful, and arrived less than 48 hours after I ordered it. The staff was also very friendly and helpful. If you are in the market for anything involving pearls, this is a great company to go through. <end>
 B0009FVJM4  Lapis lazuli flower necklace, 'Jungle Blossom' ||	  LAPIZ NECKLACE  THE PICTURE DOES NOT DO JUSTICE TO THIS BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE. IF YOU LIKE LAPIS YOU WILL WANT THIS PIECE TO ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION.I NOW HAVE THE NECKLACE , BRACELET AND EARRINGS. <end>
 B0009G11NA  Pearl and amethyst brooch, 'Misty Dew' ||	  Beautiful  I had bought this for my grandmother and it looks exactly like it does in the picture. The color was not different in any way and it's much more beautiful than the picture. <end>
 B0009G4XIK  Amethyst earrings, 'Plum Drops' 4" L ||	  Beautiful!  These are just as beautiful as the picture suggests. They are so pretty and unique...unlike anything you will find in traditional stores. The size and number of amethysts really makes these a great deal. I will be looking for more jewely at Novica and specifically by this talented artist. <end>
 B0009G4Z7Y  Garnet pendant necklace, 'Lucky Charm' ||	  Wonderful piece for anyone!  Great little choker - tho not "choker" tight if you don't like that. It is beautiful and even the packaging was awesome - so if you want to get it as a gift you wouldn't have to wrap it!I will buy more and more from this artist! <end>
 B0009GGZL8  Sterling Silver Concentric Circle Earrings ||	  circle earings  Love these, they look great dressed up or with your favorite jeans  ) Get the matching necklace, they are really nice together ! <end>
 B0009GGZNG  Sterling Silver Double Circle Pendant, 16" ||	  Buy! Will not dissappoint!  I was hesitant to buy this as a gift for my sister. Who knows what kind of jewelry you will receive online. Well let me tell you, its worth much more than what you pay! It is a substantial weight and gorgeous. My sister wears it everyday- it looks great with a jeans or a skirt. And she is still get constant compliments on how beautiful it is. I'm telling you-this is worth purchasing! <end>
 B0009GH07G  Sterling Silver and Pink Cubic Zirconia Heart Pendant, 16" ||	  not picture perfect!  I purchased this necklace for my young granddaughter who loves everything pink! I was disappointed because the stones were so faintly colored, that it was difficult to tell they were pink. The picture showed a much deeper pink than the acutal pendant. <end>
 B0009I6I4U  JJ Weston imaginative yellow gold plated cufflinks with a book or books image with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  books cufflinks  The books cufflinks were well received. I hads expected them to be a little larger but that was just my expectation and in no way constitutes a false representation.I am ell pleased <end>
 B0009I81QS  Sterling Silver 10mm Fish Band Polished Finished Ring Size 7 ||	  Excellent  This ring is so shiny and nice. It is exactly what I was looking for. It fits true to size. It is a very nice piece of jewelry. <end>  A happy customer  This was a gift for my 16 year old daughter. She had seen the product and really wanted this piece to wear as a daily reminder of her own personal commitment. I was very pleased with how timely it arrived and the price was very reasonable. The most pleasant part of this transaction was when the ring arrived and we opened it up, it was lovely. I would not hesitate to recommend! <end>  Its very delicate, i loved it. It fit perfectly.  This ring is very delicate, looks great and fit perfectly. Excellent price for the item. <end>
 B0009I9RW0  JJ Weston gold plated handpainted enamel spinning globe cufflinks with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  stylish but annoying  The look of these cufflinks are nice but because the globe spins, they are difficult to manipulate when putting on. <end>  Good gift. Nice detail & quality!  Good gift. Nice detail & quality!Perfect match to the pendant I already had. I've given this gift twice now to very happy, thankful friends. <end>  Beautiful cufflinks  I purchased these cuff links for my husband and we both really like them. The quality is great and they look so nice with a blue suit. We travel a great deal and I thought they would be a perfect reminder of past and future trips we have made around the world. The spinning of the globe is an added dimension to them. He's incredibly difficult to buy for and thankfully they are as nice as I was hoping for. <end>
 B0009IBW5A  JJ Weston yellow gold plated sailing ship image cufflinks with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  Very Nice...  My husband is a captain, so what better gift for a captain??? Right??? I gave them to him for Christmas, and he loved them. The detail of the ships was impressive too. Very Nice! <end>
 B0009IBZMK  Sterling Silver Cat Eye Beads Necklace ||	  great quality, affordable price  I like this product a lot. I got the 14 inch, which for me is a like a choker. I'm ordering th 16 inch for times when a longer necklace looks better with my outfit. Very pleased. <end>  Great Purchase!  I got this necklace to match my bracelet. They are a Great pair, I get so many compliments when I wear them. <end>  Good Quality - Not exactly what expected  this is a nice quality piece - however, you should beware that the bead colors are not exactly what is shown in the photo -- photo shows primary colors with reds and oranges - actual colors are more pastel with pinks, yellows and light blues and greens. Perhaps, it depends on what is in stock -- but I expect to get what I see in a photo when I order unless otherwise stated. <end>  Colorful necklace  This is a very pretty necklace that has a good length and stay connection!! The seller is nice and you can trust the seller!! <end>
 B0009IJD06  10K Yellow Gold Ladies Ankle Bracelet 10 KT Anklet 10" ||	  Great Gift  This was pruchased as a gift and I feel that the quality was very good. It was a very delicate,intracate design I chose and it was one of the best gift I gave this year. I was a little worried that I would get it on time because I ordered it farely close to Christmas. I was very excited when I got and it was in plenty of time for Christmas. <end>  Too fragile  I love ankle bracelets, and I've won one for years. this ankle bracelet has broken twice--each time I've worn it. I don't think I'm that tough on jewelry. I just think this ankle bracelet isn't substantial enough to survive being worn as an ankle bracelet. <end>  finely - an inexpensive ankle bracelet  Finely - an inexpensive ankle bracelet that is strong yet fine (not bulky). I am tired of paying over $100 for ankle bracelets. <end>  10 gold anklet  I am very happy with the anklet. It arrived earlier than expected and I will deal with the company in the future for more gold <end>  gold chain  I got this gold ankle chain to go with my snake chain. This store has really good prices. <end>
 B0009ILG0G  Set of 12 Swarovski Crystal Birthstones for Loving Family Mother's Heart Locket ||	  Sparkly  I bought these to garnish a clay shield that was made to look like my family crest. I actually lucked out when I made the shield and found the stones. These were the only loose stones I could find at the time, and they actually matched the description my dad's book had mentioned. The stones were shipped perfectly bagged, boxed, and packaged. If I or anyone I know get married, I now have a pretty little baby blue bag that can contain the rings. <end>  fabulous  I was very pleased with the crystals they are very brilliant in color. They came sooner then expected and were very well packaged. I am planning to have some of the crystals put into a mothers ring. Do not know what I will do with rest but I will think of something. <end>  Birthstones  I've been looking for replacement stones for my locket since the birth of my son 14 Feb. This was the only place I could find them, since I purchased the locket six years ago. I love that I have the complete set now. <end>  Fine  I thought I might be able to put these in another locket, but they are rather big to put in more than one or two I think, but I&#34;m going to keep looking. As for them being crystals, I don't know, they seem maybe a bit better than plastic. I would say the bag and box they came in are probably worth the price, so win win either way! <end>  Great  The are really great and and great color to all of them. I made some nice earrings out of them. <end>  Perfect Replacement  My mom lost her original stones for the locket and this is the perfect replacement. Same as the original and at a low cost. <end>  Pretty stones  I liked how the stones looked but I never used these. My husband bought me the locket not knowing that it already came with its own set of stones, but I liked having these just in case I lost one. <end>  Beautiful and A Perfect  This was a gift for my mother in law. She loved it as she is able to add to her heart locket as her grandchildren are welcomed into the world. <end>  Perfect gift  The birthstone set worked perfectly with the locket. My mother in-law wears it daily. She enjoys it very much. <end>  wrong item i wanted  i thought i was getting the sat of 36 studs you offer... bummer. its not worth returning at 498 on a 6.99 dollar item... <end>
 B0009J2HVW  14kt Yellow Gold Medium (M) Size Half Round Classic Hoop Earrings, HypoAllergenic ||	  Great daytime earring  These simple gold earrings are perfect for everyday. Good solid feel, but not too large. Fastens securely. <end>
 B0009J7MT4  Sterling Silver Leaf Pendant ||	  Great!  Great item, really eye catching. Bought it because I was in search of a leaf pendant.Everyone around me compliments this item and asks me where I have it from.I am very happy with my purchase as well as the supplier who deliverred fast with no issues. <end>  Leaf...  I got this item for myself. I like it a lot. I personally wish it would be only one tone...but it's a nice piece of jewelry and I am happy with it. <end>
 B0009JCMRG  Diamond Cubic Zirconia Rose Ring ||	  better in person  Very nice ring. Delicate design. You can barely notice the zirconias but they have a nice spark. Look vintage. Has that rodium finish that makes it look like white gold instead of silver. For me, it needs to tarnish a little to notice the stones better and to enhance the vintage look. Beautiful!! <end>
 B0009JHOFG  Breast Cancer Awareness Stretch Pink Ribbon Bracelet ||	  BREAST CANCER BRACELET  MY SISTER IS A BREAST CANCER SURVIVOR SO I LOVE ANYTHING WITH PINK RIBBONS & THIS BRACELET IS GREAT!!!! I WEAR IT EVERDAY TO THANK GOD SHE IS STILL WITH US! <end>
 B0009JKY4Y  Deco Style Sterling Silver Garnet, Moonstone, and Marcasite Band Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,7,8,9) ||	  Silver Insanity moonstone, garnet, marcasite and silver ring  The ring is gorgeous, and looks even better than pictured. The service was great, and the expedited delivery got to me like lightning. I really had a great experience, and will buy from this company again. They have a great selection! Prices are also very reasonable.Deco Style Sterling Silver Garnet, Moonstone, and Marcasite Band Ring (Size 6,7,8,9) <end>  Beautiful ring  I have this ring for more than a year, and it still looks great. It's not too small, not too big, just right. excellent craftsmanship. <end>  Beautifully Magical Ring  The is a gorgeous ring! It's quite sturdy too! I have had it for a few months now. Since then I have literally whacked it against many things and all the stones are still in tact, in the ring, and uncracked. More importantly, all the Marcasites are still in their respective spots as well! Usually when I get a ring with Marcasites inlaid, they fall out in quick succession, so i'm incredibly satisfied with this ring. The price was also a quarter as much as the EXACT SAME RING on ebay, so that rocks too! Go Amazon! <end>
 B0009JLW2W  Cute Stretchy Red Carnelian Bracelet ||	  BEAUTIFUL BRACELET  ANOTHER BEAUTIFUL BRACELET FROM SECUREHOOP THAT I BOUGHT AND DIDNT HAVE TO BREAK THE BANK.CANT WAIT TO WEAR IT AT THE BEACH THIS SUMMER,THANKS SECUREHOOP FOR WONDERFUL JEWELRY AT AFFORDABLE PRICES. <end>
 B0009JTJLI  CZ Wedding Rings - Brilliant and Princess Cut Wedding Set ||	  very pretty ring, nice big look for not so much cash.  Love the ring , lots of good comments. Especially from gal palsthat have pretty good taste in jewlry.Only probelm is the rhodium plating. It will wear off if you wear it all the time like I did. I will get another one and be more careful to take it off before bed, hand washing,dishes etc. <end>
 B0009KNC74  Sterling Silver Children's Heart Pendant, 14" ||	  child loved it  My granddaughter just loved this little heart. Then again, I think she could get a can of dirt from her grandpa and she would love it.  -) It is a nice little pendant for a 8 year old; don't try giving it to your wife or sweetheart. It is a bit tacky for that purpose, just fine for the kids. <end>
 B0009KNC8I  Sterling Silver Double Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  It looks like it did online  And my wife liked it. It's shiny. What more can be said.  -) I wish the smaller heart was a little larger. You can barely tell what it is. <end>  Nice, but I'm glad I got it on a Goldbox Deal!  I hardly think it's worth the suggested list of $70 or even the $45 Amazon price. I paid substantially less for it while it was a Goldbox Deal. The packaging was a small ziplock bag NOT the blue velvet advertised. The labeling on the packaging says 'large double heart polished rhodium 18".' While it's fairly common to flash coat rhodium onto silver to prevent tarnishing, the product description does not mention this fact about the necklace. <end>  nice v-day gift  got this for my girlfriend for v-day and she loved it, good cheap gift for a first v-day with a nice friend. <end>  Nice for the Price  Bought for a Valentines Present. The silver finish is very good, The chain is a bit light. <end>  Great Buy  I got this for my girlfriend for Valentine's Day. She loved it. She even commented how it look like it could be from Tiffany's. Definitely a great item <end>  I love it!  I purchased this for $25 as GoldBox Deal. I also agree that it's not worth the regular advertised price of $45 although this piece is weighty and has rhodium on top of the silver which I love because it looks like platinum or white gold. The only thing I would not count on is the chain since is seems kind of thin especially since the pendant has some weight to it. I am going to use my white gold chain instead that is a little more substantial. Overall I am very glad I ordered this piece as it looks like it could have come from the place where little blue boxes come from. <end>
 B0009KO8BI  Elephant Pendant ||	  Pendant  My wife loves elephants so I bought for her and she loved it. 2 days after it arrived the chain broke. A cheerful refund was given....ahhh, what do you expect for 20 bucks? <end>  Cute but perhaps not gold plated?  I love elephants and was excited to find this little guy, but I also have a skin allergy to metals other than sterling silver or gold. I *thought* this guy was gold-plated, but it made me a little itchy, so maybe it's not?? However, it is adorable without being cartoonish and I really like the simplicity and the weight of it. It's also considered good luck to have a elephant with its trunk raised! If you don't have metal sensitivity then go ahead and get it -- it's a great price for something that is hard to find. Would be great if seller could be clearer about the plating. <end>  IT"S BEAUTIFUL  I assumed it was smaller than it looks, but it's Beautiful. And looks perfectly around my mothers neck. fast services too.awesome gift <end>
 B0009MI4UM  14K Gold 6 mm Square CZ Stud Earrings Basket Set 2 1/2 Carat Size ||	  Great jewelry for the price  Though the stones are Cubic Zirconia, these are some of the best earrings my girlfriend says she's ever worn. They gleem so brightly, and are realistically flawless. Great for those allergic to fake metal as that is real. Low price so you can get some for several people. <end>  very pretty glitter in light  i bought 3 prs. very pretty glitter in any light will buy from this seller again <end>  Flawless!  I own a pair of princess cut 3 carat diamond stud earrings.But every time I wear them am in fear of losing one bad luck with earrings LOL...I got these they are so.....realistic to a diamond flawless. Am not the one to write a review but for this item I had to! <end>  Weight is Per Earring Not Total Weight  Weight noted is per earring - NOT total carat weight. Too large for second (back) earring on my ears.As a result, I wasted nearly $10 for shipping from and back to because the description was unclear.Received item quickly and received credit for return quickly or rating would be lower. <end>
 B0009MI4UW  14K White Gold 6 mm Square CZ Stud Earrings Basket Set 2 1/2 Carat Size ||	  Uneven cuts  The earrings were specifically cheap, I understand, but holding them closely you can see that the final cut shows a large square on the top of one earring and a tiny square on the top of the other earring. I guess when they arent together they will look fine but dont expect the earrings to look the same at all they are completely different but the same size. could have been better since they are in white gold, I would expect this lack of cut symetry in sterling......buyer beware.... <end>  Great Deal  These were a gift for my husband and he loves them. Especially since he's not allowed to get real diamonds anymore because he always loses them. <end>  Not bad  I using buy real diamond earings but I got tired of loosing them and just figured I would try these earings. They are real good clean cut and allThey were fast on shipping the item also and very helpful in questioning and answers to the product. <end>  Pretty, Stylish, Decent Quality  Clearly these arent going to be Tiffany diamond earrings. They last, dont make your ears turn green, and will add to anyones fashion jewelry collection! <end>  WOULD RECCOMEND.  These earring are worth the money. I got these for my boyfriend as a surprise and he really liked them. They are super nice and affordable and don't look cheap or anything. Great quality. Only problem was the backings don't stay snug enough but thats easily replaced by getting better backing. <end>
 B0009MI4VG  14K Gold 6 mm CZ Stud Earrings Brilliant Cut Basket Set 2 Carat Size ||	  Stunning!  I purchased these earrings for my teenaged daughter who can only wear gold in her ears. They are absolutely gorgeous! The backings are a bit small, and may not hold the earrings upright, but I did purchase the backings from another vendor that have the round plastic pad to add stability. I want a pair of these earrings for myself now! Very sparkly and beautiful. <end>  Wife Loves these....  Very nice product the mount is lighter than shown but gives the stones much more bling so far they are holding up well. <end>  Nice earrings  These earrings are in an attractive basket setting in 14K gold. They sparkle and are quite pretty, given that they are cubic zirconia and not authentic diamonds. Good for day-to-day wear, evening wear, special occasions. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These earrings are beautiful. The are so brilliant and clear. I would not hesitate to buy from this Seller again. Thanks so much. <end>  Beautiful  These earings are beautful! They are very shiny and clear. I love them. <end>  Beautiful Jewelry  Qote; "Beauty is in the eye of the beholder". They look stunning on my wife and that is really the main reason I bought them. Frosting for a beautiful woman! (You should see the movie, "How to loose a guy in 10 days.") Over the ages men have given their special someones jewelry to say, "I love you". It's nice to be able to say that without having to take out a second mortgage! The earrings have held up great, no lost stones or defects. She wears them all the time; to work, to dinner, and walmart! I'm sold. <end>  bedazzled  beautiful, classy, vibrant. not cheap looking at all! i had everyone fooled. a great buy. <end>  Good product  I was very happy with this product. It was a gift for my nephew (go figure teenage boys) and he wears them everywhere. <end>  Very cheap  Agree with TD. The gold is not as pictured. It is very thin wire and the post bent the first time I put the back on one of the earrings. Sabrina Silver was prompt in refunding my money upon return, but I'm out the shipping. I would not recommend this product. <end>  14K Gold 1.0 carat Size brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Stud Earings  Not as pictured. Stone is ok,but the gold part is very cheap looking, would not buy again... would not recomend. <end>  cheapestt insurance you can get  My wife has a pair of these (with diamonds) that I needed to insure. After looking at the price of insurance, we decided to buy these and put the others in a box at the bank. Well, a year later, and one of them has come up missing... So here I am, with a smile on my face, ready to buy another pair. Oh, the mounting is of reasonably good quality. <end>  Mmmh ok  The gold metal is very thin not exactly how it looks in the pic.... But its ok....Ok ok ok ok <end>  better than expected  wife loved them so she does nothave to wear her real ones out and about, and no fear of the grandchilds hurting them as if they do then just replace them for the price <end>
 B0009NZKIK  5mm wide Green Jade Band Gemstone Ring Size 5 to 15 ||	  really cool looking...  ...but order a larger size than you think you'll need, because the bands are thick and since it's entirely stone there's not as much "give" as with a metal ring. I ordered two jade rings and one of them broke the second time I put it on. Jade's not as durable as the other stones they offer. I recommed the agate ones as more sturdy. <end>  kathys jade  i got this 5 mm jade band ring for my son. my daughter-in-law saw it and wanted one also. so i got her one . very pretty. my kids really like them. delivery time good. rings came in excellant condition. thanks to all involved. <end>  Suspicious...  Real jade does not break by simply trying to squeezing it on a finger...I seriously doubt this item is genuine jade as the seller claims it to be. <end>  Jade  This ring is beautiful and well made. It fit perfectly and I received it quickly. I am very happy with my ring. <end>  Special  The ring is beautiful and special. You will get compliments wherever you go. The most beautiful ring I have ever own. <end>  Perfect!  Recieved this ring in a timely fashion. It did last a long time. I had this ring for about 2 years. Because of the material it is very fragile. Smacked it against a marble table and broke it right off of my finger. Definitely will order another one to replace the old one.  ) <end>  Again I love all the colors. And I would definetelybuy again from Gems.  I love all the rings in all colors. I would definetly buy again from Gems. <end>
 B0009NZLFC  5mm Wide Synthetic Moonstone Band Ring Size 4 to 10.5 ||	  Cabochon  I love this ring. It fits perfectly, feels solid, and is beautiful. I've owned quite a few of this type of shaped-stone ring, as well as some glass rings, and this is the best one I've ever found. The picture really doesn't do it justice; the ring catches and bends light, so that it shines different colors in different lights. Well done! <end>  plastic!  The band really looks like plastic. It is also too bulky to wear and my finger was at a weird angle cos its so thick. <end>  moonstone beauty  I love this ring. It is, however, the second time in less than a year that I ordered one. I feel it should be mentioned that the ring is delicate and can break if accidentally hit against a hard surface. I don't know if it's genuine or synthetic since both words are mentioned in the description. It doesn't matter much, though, because the ring is inexpensive and beautiful. The picture doesn't come close to how pretty it really is. I broke it by clapping my hands and it hit another ring on the other hand during a Bears playoff game! <end>  ooooh pretty!  I love this ring! It looks like it is glowing or could glow in the dark. The color is just amazing. The ring is thick. You have to be a bit careful with it, b/c it will chip and break, but not super easily. It's absolutely beautiful, and I plan to order more just to have on hand in case I break this one. <end>  Sad but not  Sadly this ring was so pretty, size 6 was to small for my fingers so I couldn't wear and it fell off my necklace and shattered, but other than that it was very nice. <end>  Beautiful Moonstone ring that just GLOWS on your finger!  I thought it would be cool to have a white thumb ring, because I have a red and black one as well. I didn't know how gorgeous this ring would be the instant you place it on your finger. It literally has a glow around the rim and on your skin when you put it on, either if your indoors or out in the sunlight. Any kind of light makes the ring sparkle like a rainbow. Really beautiful ring and I have so many people comment on it. A must for your collection! <end>  I love to hate it.  When I recieved my ring I was in love with it. But not even a week later I slipped my ring on and it broke! I know it was not because of it being to small because I ordered it a size bigger than what I wear. Now I am the proud owner of a broken moonstone ring. My friend is going to super glue it back together for me, but it wont be the same. I am very sad that my ring broke. <end>  beautiful  The ring was an instant success. My friends loved it. It loooks amazing.i only hope it is a genuine moonstone.No way of telling it. <end>  Incorrect sizing  The largest size available was an 8.5, luckily I wear an 8.5 on my ring fingers... this ring only fits on my pinky, which seems about a 7.5 normally. <end>  Very unique  I have not seen rings like this before, I am very happy with it, even though it is extremely fragile. The reason I am still giving it high marks is because it does clearly say in the description that is fraglie. <end>  Like it  This is a super cute ring. I have gotten many compliments. IT IS FRAGILE. I saw the reviews that this is a fragile piece, but I still wanted it. I wore it for about a week or so before I cracked it. I hit my hand on something as I was walking by and it cracked through. The ring is still in tact for now, but It is a shame as it's a beautiful piece. If you buy this be VERY careful with it. <end>  Synthetic?  Is there any way that I can get a moonstone ring from gem avenue? I love moonstone but I like it real! Thanks you, I love how it looks but it won't be as beautiful if it's faux material <end>  Pretty band  It's a great ring for the price, doesn't seem real, but is a good synthetic. <end>  Beautiful but oh so fragile  It's a beautiful ring, i do believe it is synthetic in its make-up. But do not let that deter you from purchasing it, under the right conditions it has the aurora borlias effect. The ring is very beautiful and i gave it as a gift, but like all the other reviews  IT'S FRAGILE. It broke after about 2 hours because of a small mishap. Good buy though at this price. <end>  fun ring  This moonstone ring looks great, but is kind of bulky. I don't wear it all the time, but when I do, I can't stop playing with it in the light. This is a fun ring for a great price. <end>  Moonstone ring...  The ring's coloration was wonderful... Just forgot that it can be somewhat fragile... It cracked after a week of regular use... I would recommend this ring for people who won't be using it as an everyday accessory...but overall I was happy with my purchase... <end>  the picture doesnt even show how awesome the colors of this ring are  it almost GLOWS its multi colors change in directs of light,,,beautiful ring!!! 1st day worn got SOOO many complients on it,,and the price isn't bad either........... <end>  nice moonstone ring  This rainbow moonstone was exactly what I was looking for as gift to extend an small token of friendship. <end>  Nice and Simple  Its really a nice ring, I've got few of them, its strong and the colores of it are Beutiful <end>  Awesome Synthetic Moonstone Band  It really is Awsome, especially for "synthetic" material. True to fit, very smooth wearing. Looks great in daylight, colors really plays in the moonlight. I love to wear this piece even to bed. <end>  really cool looking....  ...but order a larger size than you think you'll need, because the bands are thick and since it's entirely stone there's not as much "give" as with a metal ring. <end>  Whattt!!???  When I saw so many people giving this ring such a positive review I was estatic because it looked so pretty online. I rushed to purchase it and was extremely disappointed with the product I recieved. The ring is not portrayed correctly in the pictureand is very misleading.I am majorly disappointed with my purchase and regret my haste. The ring basically looks colorless (translucent)and does not feel like stone, rather it feels like a piece of great plastic that is engulfing your finger. I certaintly do not recommend this product at all. <end>  Very poor quality  I bought this ring to replace one my girlfriend had lost that had sentimental value. Looked great in the picture but when I got it, it had a big chip missing that was just smoothed over. The ring wasn't even circular!!! Some areas were thicker that others. I was going to send it back but between return shipping and getting a new one, it wasn't even worth it. I went with another company. I would avoid this company. Clearly no quality control. <end>  Nice but rather thick  In the picture the ring appears mostly white, and well half mine is whitish and the other half is translucent., so i was a little upset at that, but it's a $5 ring so you get what you pay for. doesn't feel like plastic to me, feels more like glass and has a neat glow. biggest downside is it's massive thickness. i bought both this ring and the onyx band and the onyx is much thinner and comfortable and you could forget your wearing it. I feel the moonstone is there the entire time i have it on. <end>  comfortable but breaks easy  I purchased this ring as a pinky ring. It was beautiful and well made but all it took was one hit against a door handle and it cracked. So While I do really like this purchase I would not recommend for every day use. Maybe it could be party wear  ) <end>  Nice product  You have to know when you buy this that it is fragile and it is synthetic. If you do not know these two things, either you are not reading the product description or reviews or you are not paying attention. With that being said, this ring has an almost hypnotic quality. The color and the way it catches the lights makes it glow. This ring is beautiful, but fragile. <end>  Obviously fragile  It is very interesting looking and exactly as promised though. The pictures do not do it justice. I'd recommend being careful with it though as it doesn't look like it will last long if you don't exercise caution with it. <end>  niiccee  I recently bought this product and it differs a little from the color on the picture but it really is lovely. My fingers are skinny and the ring dwarfs my fingers but i hung it on a chain and it looks really lovely. So even if it doesnt fit just right it looks great on a chain <end>  beautiful!  like most of the other reviewers on here, the picture does not do it justice. i was pleasantly surprised, because i own several genuine moonstones, and while this is a synthetic, i still didnt expect it to be as pretty as it was. it is more like an opal than moonstone, but that isnt a negative thing at all, just means there are many more colors and it is very reactive with light. for this price, you really cant go wrong. i havent had mine long yet, so i cant contribute to the statements others have made about how fragile it is, but it DOES say on the description that it is fragile, and not to buy it if you cant treat it with proper consideration. <end>  Awesome  Great value for this ring, it was bought as a gift and my sister loved it! <end>  had to send it back, but if they had it in my size i would love it  had to send it back, but if they had it in my size i would love it <end>  Beautiful!  I love this ring! It's so pretty and catches light in a cool way. Order a size bigger than you expect though, it's a thick band. It's really unique and you can't beat the price. I can't wait to order some of the other colors! <end>
 B0009P3C5G  Victorian-Style Engraveable Ornate Spoon Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet ||	  Looking for a long time...  I had a bracelet like this one for almost ten years. I loved it and wore it every single day. Then about four years ago I lost it. I've been looking for a replacement ever since. When I first started looking I couldn't find any spoon bracelets at all. Yes, even here on Amazon. I know, crazy! But I always kept searching. Finally this and a couple of other styles appeared. I was very excited. The best part is that this one looks exactly the same as the one I lost!So I ordered it. (Shipping, as always, was great.) I do realize it is not going to be identical to the one I had for all those years. The only thing is that my old one was MUCH thicker. This one is definitely on the thin side. Also, for the price, I was expecting it to be a bit thicker. I've ordered from Silver Insanity before and have been very pleased. This just doesn't seem to quite match the quality of my other purchases. However, it is still a nice bracelet and it is easily adjustable which could be important for people with larger or smaller wrists. <end>
 B0009P74ZA  Sterling and Square Created Blue Opal Liquid Silver Necklace ||	  Very nice but...(Addendum-no buts)  While my wife loved the necklace and the matching ear rings she only wore it for about a week before the stone fell out.Great price, looks great, earned me a few points, and then ended in tragedy.I wrote that review and the next day a rep from Silver Insanity contacted me and offered to replace the item. So I'll bump them up to 5 stars based on some excellent customer service and a good product at a reasonable price. <end>
 B0009PDTFY  Belleek Claddagh Ring Holder ||	  A little boring...  This is a very pretty piece, but a little boring. There are better belleek pieces out there for purchase. It holds my rings tho... Not really unhappy. <end>
 B0009PZZ2E  Sterling-silver Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold 5 leaf Pendant ||	  Pendant is beautiful  The friend I bought this for gets compliments every time she wears it. It is truly more beautiful than the picture. <end>
 B0009R31SW  Cute Stretchy Blue Quartz Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Color!  Having worn this bracelet off and on for almost a year, I can highly recommend! These bracelets are great. About 7-71/2 inches. Strung not too loose or too tight, on good quality elastic. Doesn't stretch out or break (Not yet any way!) Don't think you could be disappointed! <end>
 B0009RGVSY  10k Yellow-gold Pretty Authentic Black Hills Gold Earrings Jackets ||	  Happy Mother's Day!  Was a mother's day gift. It arrived promptly; so I was early this year! She loved them. <end>
 B0009S4HO8  Sterling Silver Mens Green Malachite Eagle Ring(Sizes 9,10,11,12,13,14) ||	  Bye Bye Malachite  It is a lovely ring to look at, but the stone fell off after only a few days!  -( <end>  Very pleasing appearance.  Picture of item is exactly what I received. Nice quality, fair price. Size runs true. I would have rated it a 5, but the quality of the silver has a high copper content that discolors the finger. This can be a problem with lower grade sterling. <end>  Looks as advertised  I bemoaned losing a malachite ring over 15 years ago. After looking in Scottsdale Arizona, this online item was the nicest I found. The ring is attractive and big, which can sometimes become a problem when sticking your hand in your jeans pockets. No problem with the stone falling out yet (after 3 months). <end>
 B0009S54R2  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets fine 0.9mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  SUCKS! Broke in 1 week!  Save your money. The chain snapped in one week after light wear. Not the clasp either, the whole chain. Do not buy!!! <end>  This One Is A Keeper  As I do not care for gold necklaces, I always choose fine silver and this snake necklace is delicate, dainty, the right size, 20" and besides it looks fabulous around my neck no matter what pendant I put on it. I usuallly don't like snake chains but this one is a definite keeper and I wear it all the time. Love it. Thanks Amazon.com, you bring us the best products. <end>  Thin Italian Snake Chain  The most comfortable chain that I have ever worn. It is very light weight and does not stick or itch in hot and humid weather like some other chains that I have worn. <end>
 B0009S5R2Y  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets fine 0.9mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  SUCKS! Broke in 1 week!  Save your money. The chain snapped in one week after light wear. Not the clasp either, the whole chain. Do not buy!!! <end>  This One Is A Keeper  As I do not care for gold necklaces, I always choose fine silver and this snake necklace is delicate, dainty, the right size, 20" and besides it looks fabulous around my neck no matter what pendant I put on it. I usuallly don't like snake chains but this one is a definite keeper and I wear it all the time. Love it. Thanks Amazon.com, you bring us the best products. <end>  Thin Italian Snake Chain  The most comfortable chain that I have ever worn. It is very light weight and does not stick or itch in hot and humid weather like some other chains that I have worn. <end>
 B0009S9T6O  Cubic Zirconia Crystalline Violet Dual Butterfly Belly Ring ||	  Cheap  Cute and inexpensive bellyring. Beware if you leave it in while showering it tarnishes & turns black within a week. I guess you get what you pay for.. <end>
 B0009STTN2  Peace Is The Only Necklace (length  16") ||	  Beautiful necklace  The chain is durable and the perfect length, and the engraving on the necklace itself is beautiful and clear. I'm VERY happy with it. <end>
 B0009VCO6I  Black Tribal Shield belly button ring with Clear Gems ||	  Beautiful!!  This belly ring is my new favorite!!! It is very well made and worth the money!! Thanks!!! We'll do business again!! <end>  Hangs funny  Even if you have the body of a goddess, it's gonna hang funny. Def a bikini piece. No way to really wear it under clothes comfortably <end>  Its ok  I love the design but I don't wear it that often because sometimes when moving around or just sitting it will pull on ur bellybutton. <end>  Black Tribal Shield Bellly Button ring  Works well. I thought it would be flashier. I will wear it only to dance in because it does not work well with street clothes, it digs in to my tummy. The ring is well made and arrived promptly. I will buy more form this seller <end>  Love it!!  I love this belly ring. I wish I dodnt have anything negative to say but its not much. The only bad thing about this ring is when you have it on, the top of the belly ring tends to stick out, and you have to keep pushing it back down. But the edges are not sharp, and it looks very sexy on. <end>  Cute, but not entirely my style  Got this earlier on this week. I like it but idk seems a little too gothic-y for me...or maybe that's not even the word. My main problem with it is that from a distance people can't tell what's happening around your navel because it just looks like black lol. However it does go well with my black bathing suits so that's why it's getting a relatively high rating since that is the reason I bought it. I just don't see me wearing it much with anything else that I already have. <end>  I Dunno  It's pretty, but not as nice as it looks in the picture. I like it- but it's not my favorite, due to the fact it digs into my belly sometimes and it's not as flashy as it's pictured. <end>
 B0009X0BZW  Peridot & Pink Butterfly Ring ||	  Gorgeous!  I ordered this piece for myself, but I think it would make a great gift for any girl. The lights really play off the stones and make it sparkle and the silver really shines. Should be in any girl's jewelry collection. Great deal as far as price goes. Jewelry does not have to be expensive to look classic. -) Enjoy ladies! Note to buyers  This is a rhodium finished ring. Steam clean when needed, no silver cleaners or polishes! <end>  It's okay  The ring isn't the right size. Although I love this ring, it doesn't fit. I had one before and one of the stones fell off, loved it so much ordered another one. <end>  Bigger than expected  Let me first say I absolutely love this ring. It is so pretty. I was hoping to wear it daily as a Mother's ring (my birthstone and my children). But given the size I don't know if I will do that. Maybe just use it for special occasions. I did check out the dimensions, but I guess it failed to register.I posted an image to show how big it is on my hand.I hope to find some more lovely things to purchase  ) <end>  how sweet it is  I love my new butterfly ring. The size and quality of the stones are better than expected and the band is wide and comfortable to wear. I would have expected to pay much more for such a pretty little thing as this. I am a forty year old mommy who bought this ring for myself, just because it makes me feel special. I will definitely buy again from Eve's Addiction. Gentlemen, if you are looking for a gift for a woman who is young at heart, indeed, a girl at any age, this one will make her very smiley. <end>
 B0009X1MI2  Kit Heath Celtic Green Agate Claddagh Ring ||	  Beautiful and Delicate!  I received my Kit Heath Celtic Green Agate Claddagh Ring yesterday and I am SO pleased! It's definitely a women's ring. Very polished and delicate. Extremely shiny and the Agate is true Irish green. Very good value for the product! Kit Heath has done it again!  o) <end>  kay's ring  It is a really pretty ring. My girlfriend really liked it. only down side is that she seems to be allergic to it. <end>
 B0009X3H1C  Margarita drink belly button ring 5/16" ||	  Margarita belly button ring  Love margaritas and this belly button ring! It is very well made and looks really good on! Received lots of compliments! My boyfriend loves it! Received before actual delivery date!! Always a plus! <end>
 B0009X9P8G  Tiny Shamrock Post Earrings ||	  Perfect!  I absolutely love these earrings, I wish they had more! Great product, great price! <end>
 B0009X9PR2  Kit Heath Men's Celtic Openwork Ring ||	  love it!  Beautiful ring. craftmanship is just remarkable. Got it for my husband and he loves it!so do I. Fast shipping. Thanks bunchs ) <end>
 B0009X9PV8  Hokey Pokey Necklace (length  16") ||	  Great conversation starter  I absolutely love this necklace. My boyfriend just bought this necklace for me (after searching for many hours since it's sold out everywhere), and I love it! While it is a little awkward as people squint at you to try to read what it says, it's something fun to wear and it is guaranteed to make someone smile. If I catch my reflection in a window or a mirror, it makes me smile all the time. It adds a lightness to your mood. Really, it does!It's a little bigger than I expected, and it's very shiny, so if either or those things bother you, I would go for another necklace. But for me, the fun of the necklace is awesome and I really love it. <end>
 B0009XADG4  Titanium Biohazard Flame Top Dangle Belly Ring ||	  A wonderful piece  This product is so beautiful! It is a nice present for my sister. She is very happy with this one. She like a lot because the material -titanium- do not produce any alergic reaccions. Commendable for exigents!! <end>
 B0009XSLLS  Italian Luck Charm - 14kt Gold Italian Horn ||	  Beautiful!  My son wanted to give his girlfriend a small Italian Horn for Christmas. I searched high and low only to find either large ones (for men) or the small ones were over $100. This charm was beautiful! Nice gold, perfect length, arrived in a nice box. I would definitely order again!! <end>  Italian good luck horn  The charm is exactly what I ordered. I love it.It came quickly, and the size was true to the description.I would do business with this seller again. <end>
 B0009Y3BZI  Sparkling Cubic Zirconia Crown Jewels Ring ||	  Super cute!  The silver on the ring looks darker on the photo here, so I was a little surprised when I received it.Overall, I love it! I can't wait to wear it out to meet friends.My only complaint would be the back part of the ring. I know it looks weird because they have different sizes for it, but eh, I mean, who's going to look at the back part of my ring anyway? <end>  Beautiful ring!!  This ring is beautiful! I ordered this for my daughter as a gift. She absolutely loved it!! She wears it every where she goes and receives complements from many people. The stones do not go completely around the ring as it may appear. There are approximately 13 stones, and they are all georgous. I highly recommend this ring!! Eve's Addiction was also prompt on delivery. Great company! <end>  Cool Ring!  I bought this ring a few years ago and I love it. It has tarnished a little over the years, but it is a nice right hand ring! <end>  A Ring  Looks slightly lesser quality than the picture, but it does what it was meant to. I'm fine with my purchase. <end>
 B0009Y4T1I  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Spin Worry Ring Size 15 ||	  High Quality - Excellent Amazon Vendor  Use as a guard ring w/Onyx Claddagh ring / Even super glue did not harm this -happened to glue 3 fingers together 2 yrs ago - Both Rings on same finger - Cleaned up w/Silver polish and still spins perfectly. Still an incident very much to local EMS amusement <end>  Great RIng!!!  This ring is very beautiful. It was a great deal and the ring spins very well as it should. The shipping was very fast. I am looking forward to purchase from this seller again. <end>  Lovely Ring  I bought this as a surprise for my daughter--so, I guessed at the size. Boy, was I way off! The shop took it back and sent another with no problems. My daughter loves it! <end>
 B0009YUYTO  Lab-Created Fiery Opal Heart With Cubic Zirconia Accents 10K Yellow Gold Pendant Necklace Gift Boxed ||	  better than I expected.  I wasn't sure how a created Opal would look. I had seen created opals before and did not care for the look. But this was a very attractive necklace,and it fulfilled the need of an opal necklace to replace a lost one. <end>  Lab-created opel  I liked the Item. It was what I expected. The 18" chain was so knoted I had to get another one. I know this can happen in shipping. It is still a good product at a good price. Shipping was quick. <end>
 B0009Z0T1G  Toe Ring - T40 - Crystal Illusion - Small Star ~ Rose (Pink) ||	  Gorgeous Toe Rings  Cute, sparkly, right up my alley. Nice and inexpensive so I buy about 5 at a time. Cannot have enough! Good product and Serenity Crystal are thorough and fast shippers. (When one of the colors I ordered was out of stock they called immediately to see if I would like a replacement color. Love that customer service) <end>
 B0009ZAAGA  Reed & Barton Princess II 613MR Jewelry Chest ||	  Very happy  Just got this yesterday no problems with it at all. Even the brown box Amazon shipped it in was in great shape. You will see there are handles on the side, the manufactory wrap them both with plastic so it won't scratch the wood during shipment. Love that. There's a metal plate on the top of the box for engraving. The plate can be easily remove with a small screw driver. Box looks and feels like its made of good quality material. Differently worth the extra money. The pull out draw has 12 small slots line with velvet. Will by Reed and Barton products again. Only downside is if you have a very large jewelry collection this box will not meet your needs. <end>  Jewelry Box  Exceptionally fine jewelry box. Constructed of Mahogany exterior and very fine matching felt interior. Plenty of room for lots of rings, earrings and necklaces. A beautiful addition to any bedroom dresser and a wife pleaser for sure.Charles Trull Wilmington NC <end>  Jewelry Box  It was exactly what I was looking for. My daughter wanted a jewelry box like her grandmother had and this was it. Arrived on time and in perfect condition. <end>
 B0009ZAAM4  Reed & Barton Athena 664MR Jewelry Chest ||	  jewelry chest  I am very happy with this product. Lots of room for all different items - many compartments including hanging necklaces. Looks very handsome. The only minor thing is the slightly redder tone than my chest of drawers. Yes, I would highly recommend this product for the price paid. <end>  Not as high quality as you'd like.  I have this and it works fine, is large and stores a lot. But the wood is VERY easily scratched and the stain is very thinly applied. When the it scratches it shows up very clearly in natural wood color. For $200 and with a name like Reed and Barton I expected much better quality wood finish. <end>
 B000A09IZ8  14K Classic Heart-Shaped Diamond Ring with Lustrous Diamonds 1.8 GM ||	  my new promise ring  My boyfriend bought me this ring on our second anniversary, and I absolutely love it. The diamonds are small but big enough to see, and the heart is meaningful and not too big. I definitely recommend this ring for any girl that wants a beautiful, meaningful piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000A09UQA  Cute Stretchy Green Opal Bracelet ||	  The Picture Is The Color It Actually Is  I would rate this a 5-star if they had entitled it carmel-colored jasper bracelt. However, if you're looking for green opal then you're going to be disappointed. The stones aren't green and I've never seen an opal look like this. <end>  Love it!  I bought this for my girlfriend, who's been looking at this for awhile now. Great condition, looks like I bought it brand new from the store. Very fast shipping, too! I bought this only a few days ago. <end>
 B000A0ERMW  Cute Stretchy Carnelian Chip Bracelet ||	  Really Liked It  This is a pretty carnelian chip bracelet. I like it so much I ordered another one. <end>
 B000A0ERN6  Cute Stretchy Crystal Chip Bracelet ||	  Clearly a beautiful crystal bracelet.  A beautiful clear crystal bracelet, although the stones are kinda' small. It would be perfect for a little girl! <end>  Thrilled!  I love this! I can wear it with anything. The stones are heavy and this is not cheaply made. The elastic is doubled up for extra security. It is one of my new favorites! <end>  cute  These bracelets are very cute. looks good on adult with small wrist or a child.fast delivery, thanks. <end>
 B000A0ERNQ  Cute Stretchy Dalmation Jasper Bracelet ||	  If Only Cruela....  If only Cruela had been obsessed with Dalmatian Jasper, the puppies would have been less traumatized. This is a nice bracelet, especially for the price. <end>
 B000A0I9SK  July 23 - August 22 Leo Lion Yellow Zodiac Birth Pendant Necklace ||	  beautiful  This necklace is absolutly goregous! Its a lot larger than i thought it was gonna be, and although normally that would be a let down, it only makes the brillance of this pendant shine brighter. The only qualm i have is that its positioned slightly so that its "popping" out of the surrounding silver piece that holds it, but not enough that anyone looking at it would notice without careful scrutiny. <end>
 B000A13ZPG  Tiny Sterling Silver Leaf Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  I'm completely in love!!  They are the perfect size for second or first piercing. Good quality, worth more than the couple dollars I spent on them! <end>  small stud earrings  Cute earrings for the price. I have bought probably 20 pairs from Sabrina Silver. The earrings are pretty small- not likely useful for most grown ups. But, I buy them for a young child and so they are perfect for what I want. <end>
 B000A13ZV0  Tiny Sterling Silver Skull and Crossbones Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  great earrings good price  I had origianlly bought skull earrings from the same seller but the were to small, so i exchanged it for these. These skull and crossbones earrings are way better. They are bigger than the ones I orignally bought. It's a perfect size and fit. And don't be fooled if the crossbones look crooked in the picture. The ones you recieve will be straight diagnal like they should be. If anyone has their ears pierced and loves this jolly roger symbol, I highly recommend that you by these earrings. <end>
 B000A15T8C  Tiny Sterling Silver Frog Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  LOVE THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Everything i have purchased from Amazon is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have not had any problems or regrets on anything!!!! <end>
 B000A15ULI  Tiny Sterling Silver Elephant Stud Earrings ||	  Do Not Purchase!!!  I was so disappointed in these earrings. Only one earring looked like an elephant, the other just looked like a blob of silver. I bought them as a gift and refused to give them as one. I would recommend NOT buying these at all. <end>  Not pleased  I bought these earrings as a soon-to-be Xmas gift for my sister in law who love elephants. When I FINALLY received the earrings, one of them was all distorted. I'm not going to give them to her because if I were her, I wouldn't wear them. Money def not well spent.... <end>  At last!  I have looked for tiny elephant studs EVERYWHERE! I was soooo so soooo excited to find these! They are indeed tiny, but also very sturdy. They are made of quality metal that does not irritate my sensitive ears. I never want to take them out! <end>  Cute but small  Love these as they are very cute, but they are much smaller than I thought they would be resulting in it being so small you can barely tell what it is. <end>  Great earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift for a friend and she loved them. Being sterling silver, they don't bother her ears at all. She loves all things elephant! Such a good price too! <end>  Beautiful earrings  These are for my daughter. She is a freak about elephants. They are tiny, but very nice looking and perfect for a 12 yr old. <end>  So cute!  I am a lover of all things Elephant. I saw these earrings and just HAD to have them. I received them in a nice little box with lid. They are very small, but exactly what I needed. They are wonderfully detailed. I have sensitive ears; I've barely taken them out for a month and there is no pain, infection or "green".These are a fantastic product for the elephant lover and at a great price! 5 stars! <end>  These are nice, inexpensive earrings.  My wife loves elephant earrings and these are nice. They are a bit on the small side but they are very nice and she can leave them in all the time. <end>  tiny and adorable!!  These earrings are extremely adorable! Perfect for a child, second hole or cartilage piercing. I also received the earrings a day and a half after ordering (when selecting standard 3-5 day shipping)!!! Good craftsmanship too. I would highly recommend ordering! <end>  love them  these earrings are really tiny and cute. just what i was looking for. i love the tiny elephants, so cute! <end>  Very nice.  These are cute little raised .925 silver earrings, which face each other (perfect). The detail on one trunk is a little warped, but otherwise, these are exactly what I wanted. <end>  Gift  I got it for my best friend for xmas who loves elephants. She loved them. <end>
 B000A15WXE  Tiny Sterling Silver Frog Stud Earrings 1/2 inch ||	  Tiny Sterling Silver Frog Stud Earrings  Product arrived before Christmas although I ordered late; was very pleased about that. My daughter seems to enjoy these earrings. <end>
 B000A15WY8  Tiny Sterling Silver Star Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Sadly, my star is broken  I received these earrings as a gift, and I was really excited because I love stars, and these small earrings are adorable. I don't have long hair so I never had a problem with the earrings popping off as other reviewers experienced, but I did find that they sat kind of oddly on my earlobes. It could just be the placement of my piercings, but I would just turn them upside down and found that they looked better that way. Sadly, after just a few wears, the stud broke off of my earring as well.I gave them one star because that's all I have left.  ( <end>  Tiny product with BIG shipping Cost  This was the perfect size for my 12 y.o. grand-daughter's newly pierced ears. You would have to use the Hubble telescope to see them on an adult. Shipping costs would normally prohibit their purchase (as it as much as the earrings) but it was a 'crunch time' gift. I don't know if they fell apart as she lost one the next day. Oh, well.... <end>  very cute but they broke quickly!  After just a few wears, the star fell off of the stud. I guess that's why they were only five bucks! <end>  I am amazed...  I purchased these because I was looking for something different to the normal silver stud. I was afraid they were going to be to small, but they are just the right size. I haven't had any problems with my long hair and the earrings coming loose, as the previous reviewer experienced. I just know that I will be ordering from Sabrina Silver again in the near future. Thanks! <end>  Not for people with long hair  I've gone through 2 pairs... And I LOVE them BUT... they pop off every time I pull my hair one way or the other, they're fantastic..if you can keep your hair or clothes from ripping them out and losing them... <end>  Tiny Sterling Silver Star Stud Earrings  These are cute. Were a gift to sister- by request. They really are "tiny", I think they're best for young girls/girls, or second hole for women. <end>  Perfect!  These are the cutest pair of little stars! Keep in mind they are very small, but they are well made and very stylish. <end>  Tiny Sterling Silver Star Stud Earrings  These earrings are very nice. The photo of them does not show exactly how small they are. They are actually smaller. I would like to have had some kind of description or measurement to show the actual size. <end>  Not so much  Very inexpensive. They were cute when they arrived, however after wearing them once, the post broke. I had to email for a return request and then wait for a reply. I was told I could send them back and receive a new pair this one time only. So we're talking almost four weeks for a $10 pair of earrings? <end>  love them  after reading the reviews i was afraid to put them on, but im wearing them now, and theyre holding up, long hair tangled in them and all. theyre cute and im very happy with them. <end>
 B000A15WYS  Tiny Sterling Silver Lightning Bolt Stud Earrings 1/2 inch ||	  Love the lightning bolt  These are small silver lightning bolts, exactly as pictured, about the size of your earlobe. They're fun and cute. Nice earrings, if the back is too long just take a wire cutter to them. <end>  miss small  Ok i thought this item was really kool at first..i still do, but the size of the bolts are thinner. If u see the picture the side is a little thick but when u acctually hold the earings and turn them to the side they are incradibly thin and very easy to bend. So if u still like them buy them!! I still like mine although they dont look the same as the picture. <end>  they're ok i guess  the bolt shapes are the same as the picturebut it is pretty thinner than what you see.all in all, pretty satisfied! <end>  Great earrings  These earrings look just like the picture. They are very light weight and I can't wait to wear them to the next Tampa Bay Lightning game. Go Lightning!! <end>  Adorable!  I bought these earrings after I saw my friend wearing them for his music video. And for the price, they were absolutely right! I love these earrings.  ) <end>
 B000A15WZ2  Tiny Sterling Silver Cross Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  yes  i love all my cross earing i look good in them they make me feel good and more when i were them <end>  Love these earrings  Great earrings. These are the perfect size and I gets lots of compliments on them. I have sensitive ears and these don't hurt my ears at all. <end>
 B000A15WZW  Tiny Sterling Silver G-Clef Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  One clef is backwards  The earrings are nice, but unlike the picture, one of the earrings has a backwards treble-clef to make them symmetrical. A design decision apparently made by someone without a musical background - I think it looks a little funny but most people probably won't notice or care. <end>
 B000A15X4C  Tiny Sterling Silver Shell Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  Beautiful earrings  Perfect size, more shine than photo, high quality feel, heavy weight sterling silver. Size is perfect, great value for price. Will definitely order more from this seller. <end>  Super cute!  Really cute! They come as polished silver not weathered silver like you see in the product picture, but they are soo cute! All of my friends want them too! <end>  Tiny Seashells  I love my new tiny earrings! They are very cute and my friends love them! <end>
 B000A15X4W  Tiny Sterling Silver Owl Stud Earrings 7/16 inch ||	  Excellent Buy, Great Gift!  I bought this item for my friend last Christmas (b/c she loves owls). First, it was shipped in a very timely fashion (I was able to give it to her well before Christmas). Second, the detail and beauty in such a small item suppased the price I paid. They are cute, dainty, detailed and very well made. An excellent gift! <end>  I wear them everyday  I bought these earrings because they are cute, the detail in them is amazing. They look great on my ears and I love them. <end>
 B000A15X60  Very Tiny 1/16" (2 mm) Sterling Silver Yin-Yang Nose Studs / Earrings ||	  Not Bad, All Things Considered  I'll start this review by giving full kudos to Sabrina Silver (the seller). They were very prompt in issuing me an email update regarding the shipment, and they shipped via USPS the next business day. With the standard shipping choice, I received the product two days after it shipped. EXCELLENT communication and shipping.As others have stated, these things are TINY. So small, in fact, that I needed a magnifier to get a good look at the detail of the face. As another reviewer stated, the actual product you get might not look as clean and detailed as the pictured ones here. In fact, one of mine looks a little like the pictured images (it's half-black and half-white) while the other one is about 95% black. However, to the naked eye and any distance over two feet, even picture-perfect detail would be virtually impossible to notice because the surfaces are so small.Overall, I'd say I'm satisfied with the purchase; the shipping was fast and neatly-packaged, the price was low, and the imperfections in quality are difficult to notice unless you work with people that wear jeweler's monacles all day long. <end>  Great for ears or nose  I bought these for my nose piercing because there are really tiny. They worked great, except I had to cut the end a little with some wire cutters so it wouldn't stick out of my nose. <end>  So-So Quality Control  I really like this size ear ring. It shows my preference but does not overpower anyone at work. However, this has a quality control problem, The Yin-Yang symbol is not always correct. The dots are off of the fishes are misshaped in about a third of the ones I purchased. I ended up buying several more pairs than I needed in order to ensure I got enough good quality ones. <end>  Love These!!!  These are the tiniest, cutest things ever! My only complaint is that the back fell off one of them, on the first day, and I almost lost the earring! Other than that, they are too cute and perfect to give anything less than 5 stars! <end>  Cute, but didn't last too long.  The earring itself is tiny and very cute. The only problem is that the yin-yang symbol fell of after less than a year of wearing it. Now I am looking to replace it, but I think I will go with another brand. <end>  review  "when they say very tiny, they are accurate. can barely tell that they are a ying yang, but it is a nose stud. Just wish you could tell it was a ying yang <end>  i don't even know....  I ordered this, thinking i would recieve a pair of stud 2mm earrings. instead, i got one 3mm earring on a black piece of cardboard that stated, "lone stud." I contacted the seller and they informed me that while normally we would "percieve" that i was purchasing a pair, i had actually purchased only one stud. so, spending another seven dollars, i purchased a second one. this one came as a PAIR of 2mm stud earrings! I mean, what???? Luckily, I have my nose pierced so i won't go through the hassle of returning the first stud, but I'd just like to let you know that my experience with this purchase was odd. In addition, neither the pair nor the "lone stud" truly resemble the picture shown. However, i believe them to actually look better than the picture, which is why i gave this product two stars instead of one. <end>  Not so tiny, after all  I bought this to replace a really tiny earring that I lost, and based on the reviews and description, I thought it would be a good substitute, but it's bigger than I thought it would be. A very pretty earring, but not what I was expecting. <end>  Tiny treasures  These earrings are SOOOO cute. They wern't kidding when they said tiny, but I love them. <end>
 B000A15X6U  Sterling Silver Non-Pierced Nose Ring / Cuff Earring 10 mm (one piece) ||	  Good starting point  This was the first ear cuff I ever bought, and I'm very satisfied with it. It's small enough so that it's not gaudy, but it can be placed all around the ear. At first, I was worried about it falling off, but I haven't had a problem. It was smaller than I first anticipated, but then I realized that if it was any bigger, there would be problems with it getting dislodged and lost. This cuff also makes a good appearance as a cartilage piercing, but without the pain and risk! Lots of comments on it, and a good detail for any outfit.Great seller, Prompt shipping! A+ <end>  Fun product  Arrived promptly - from the mom to the kid - no piercings! but still can have a fun look sometimes. <end>  Very cute, but...  ...but it fell off within the first week I had it and is lost forever. I really liked it overall, great size, good quality metal, but even with it secured tightly on my cartilage it somehow managed to get dislodged. I feel if it were a bit bigger, at least you could hear it hitting the floor if it comes off. Bummer, I liked the cuff a lot and now it's gone  ( <end>  great little ear cuff  This is a great item for someone who wants to add a little extra to their look.The item arrived on time and is good quality.I looked at this a few times before finaly deciding to purchase and I am glad I did buy it. I am very happy with my purchase and would recomend it to anyone. <end>  Just what I wanted!  I got this for an earring and it turned out to be the perfect size for a nose cuff as well! It bends easily and doesn't weaken the medal. Never falls off. It is very good quality. I am very happy with it! <end>  Very small but nice ear cuff  This cuff is smaller than I expected. I suppose I should have checked the dimensions better. It is still a very nice piece and since I purchased it for my nine year old, it is quite suitable. Very good quality. <end>
 B000A16Y22  Tiny Sterling Silver Bat Stud Earrings 9/16 inch ||	  Bat earrings  These earrings were very well packaged, adorable and I would reccommed them to any bat lover, like myself!  ) <end>  Beautiful earrings, but take care to look what you get  I have wanted my own bat earrings for a long time, and I finally got them. These are very fine - rather big (for studs) and expressive. But be attentive - when I got my first package, the earrings were not these ones - they were smaller (only 9 mm instead of 14 mm) and the bat looked different. But I wrote an e-mail to the seller - they responded immediately and sent me the right pair at once. The initial mistake and dissapointment are forgotten after such a good service  )By the way, the earrings are sent in little cute boxes suitable for a gift. <end>  Just batty  These are tiny bats, the quality of the bat is decent, good for a guy or a girl; Nice earrings, if the back is too long just take a wire cutter to them. <end>  okay  I like them but they are very small. Cute little studs. Because they are so small it's hard to notice the detail of the bats but I think it serves the point good enough. <end>
 B000A16YFY  Tiny Sterling Silver Knife Stud Earrings 9/16 inch ||	  Cool earrings  I purchased these earrings as a gift for my grandson. They are pretty cool and of very nice quality. I searched every where for earring suitable for a boy and couldn't find any that were not cheaply made and just the right size for him. He loved them!The only draw back is shipping costs.I would buy from this company again.Thank you Teresa <end>
 B000A16YGS  Tiny Sterling Silver Hand Stud Earrings 1/4 inch ||	  Perfect Earrings  I bought these because after buying several pairs of gold and one pair of diamond earrings only to have my daughter lose one, I decided not to spend money on earrings. These silver earrings come in the prettiest designs and for the price you can buy several silver earrings for the price of 1 pair of gold. <end>
 B000A19EF6  Tiny Sterling Silver Mouse Stud Earrings ||	  Mouse Earrings  Don't bother!! What a disappointment!! They were bought for a gift for someone who loves mice, she hasn't worn them yet. She couldn't even figure out what they were. <end>
 B000A19EJ2  Tiny Sterling Silver Moon Stud Earrings 3/8 inch ||	  Love them  The earrings are great! I wish they weren't as long and skinny, maybe the moon could be a little thicker, but besides that they're perfect. <end>
 B000A19GUE  Tiny Sterling Silver Lobster Stud Earrings 1/2 inch ||	  Why not?  Every woman needs a set of lobster earrings. Great price, quality item. <end>
 B000A19H0S  Sterling Silver Ear Cuff Earring (one piece) with Ball Stud and Chain 1/2 inch ||	  Easily Broken  Chain broke off the stud after first removal from ear. Very flimsy and metal fatigued easily. <end>
 B000A19H1W  Small Sterling Silver Rose Non-Pierced Nose Ring (one piece) 7/16 inch ||	  Not what i expected..  A great little nose ring if you don't already have a piercing.. This is for NON pierced noses.. I looked and it didn't say anything about that in the item description..So if you are looking for a cute little hoop for you nose.. this is not for you! But if you want a cute little fake to fool persons this is it! <end>  Not so discreet faux piercing  I wanted a fake piercing just to see if I would like the look of a real one without having to risk infections and stuff pertaining to having a hole in the flesh.It's cute but just not realistic due to the wire jutting out of the rose. Which sucks because that's what I was going for.However, I decided to get a real piercing, not because of the look of this product, but because of the look of a tiny metallic golden dot sticker that I took from my little cousin. Wish that I've done that sooner... <end>
 B000A1ADWE  Tiny Sterling Silver Happy Face Stud Earrings 3/16 inch ||	  It was OK...  It was OK...but It was smaller than I thought.If you are considering to buy those becouse of those design,I will recommend you to get bigger size... <end>  It's a smiley face!  It is exactly what it looks like; Nice earrings, if the back is too long just take a wire cutter to them. <end>  Cute Earrings  These tiny happy face earrings are very, very cute. They're a little bit shiny and the silver and black look very nice together. I'm only giving these 4 stars though because the earrings that I received were not identical. One of the posts on the earrings is slightly longer than the other, and the happy faces themselves are not identical (one kinda has a bum eye and a bigger smile). You wouldn't notice the differences, though, unless you were comparing them side by side. Nonetheless, I would still totally recommend these, and I think the little imperfections give them some character. <end>
 B000A1BBA2  Sterling Silver Rolo Rhodium Chain ||	  perfect size  I have been searching for a 15'' silver chain, and this one is perfect. It will fit any of my white metal pendants. I strongly recommend it to any one looking for one of the many sizes it comes in.The only reason I did not give it 5 stars, is that the spring ring clasp is very small and hard to work.On the other hand, the rhodium plating gives is even more of a beautiful reflective shine.I am very satisfied with my purchase and will deal with Eve's Addiction again soon!Elly <end>
 B000A1BLZ2  Tiny Sterling Silver Feather Stud Earrings 1/2 inch ||	  Very small  These earrings were very tiny. They look more like squiggles than feathers. Also, the post is quite short, and the back wasn't tight enough to hold it onto my ear. <end>  Pretty  These are pretty little earrings, but i was disappointed that the stud part was in a different place on both of them, so they hang to different lengths. Doesn't stop me from wearing them in my second pierce from time to time. <end>
 B000A1EJMY  Tiny Sterling Silver Elephant Stud Earrings 5/16 inch ||	  wonderful  i searched all over for a pair of studs like these, when they arrived I was more than satisfied. they are very cute. <end>  Sterling Silver Elephant post earrings  I bought these for my granddaughters birthday who loves elephants.. Sterling silver and were exactly as described, very tiny. Exactly as described. <end>  Small but very nice  It was hard to tell when looking at them online but these are very small earings. My wife loves them none-the-less and wears them often. <end>  left wanting  I absolutely loved these earrings when I saw them. They were perfect for a friend of mine for Christmas, so I ordered them. As of right now they have not been delivered, I have not heard back from the seller after countless attempts, and now Amazon wants me to review them. Well here it is I was told they would be here between Dec. 16 - 30th, It is now January 11th, still nothing. I was charged for them and they were supposedly shipped but they never arrived. I am livid. Do not purchase anything from this person, they will fall through. <end>  So cute!  These are very small but extremely cute! Very detailed earrings! Can't really think of anything that I would change about them. I love them! <end>  Less than satisfied!!!  When I first saw these earrings, I knew I wanted them badly. Last Christmas, 2007, I recieved the matching ring made by the same company/ designer. I was MORE than satisfied, I was delighted at how cute the little ring was. See, I collect elephants, but only with their trunks up, it's a symbol of good luck and fortune in numerous regions and religions. So, I figured that the earrings would be just as great! I was soooo very wrong. I recently recieved them as a gift from my Mother, this past 2008Christmas, I had them on my Amazon WIsh List, and was very happy to recieve them. They matched my ring so well, I couldn't wait to wear them!I probably wore them for less than 2 days, and then they fell apart on me. The posts fell off the elephants, both of them. I was attempting to remove them when this happened. I've come across some fragile jewelry before, but never the likes of these, in all of the 20 or so years of dealing with earrings, this has never happened. I even tried to super glue them back together, which worked for about a day. One of the earrings actually fell out, all on its own while I was walking down the street. So, all I have left from this very thoughtful and meaningful gift is 2 posts and a lil elephant that never again will find its mate. I'm more than hurt about this. I love the ring so much, I just wish I could have said the same about the earrings, who knows, maybe it was just this one pair, but still, they were a gift from my Mother, and I'd say, I'd just buy another pair, but we don't have the money for that.Ever since I've become terminally ill, I've clung to every good luck charm I have, I'm just unbelievablly disappointed with YOUR product. Hopefully it was just that one pair, and maybe, You can do something about it. I feel ripped off. And most importantly so does my Mom, I don't even like to talk to her about it, because some reason, I think it makes her feel bad that she got me a Wonderful Christmas present, that she knew I would love, and then have the item become a cheap disaster. I feel bad for her and thanx to you Sabrina Silver, I will be thinking and worrying about the way my Mom feels about this, when I physically and emotionally already have so much to stress me out! So, thanx again for ruining a gift that I was supposed to charish, and stressing me out, considering my health, as if I don't have enough things to wig me out anyway.Sincerely, Your Very Disappointed Customer,Amanda Bentley! <end>
 B000A1EK9Q  Tiny Sterling Silver Star Stud Earrings 3/16 inch ||	  I LOVE my new earrings!  I was very impressed with the timely delivery of my earrings. They were packaged well and the people at Sabrina Silver had included another copy of my invoice for my convenience. The earrings themselves were a little smaller than I had hoped, but still, I haven't taken them off since I got them! I will definetely be ordering from Sabrina Silver again! <end>  love these earrings  adorable, exactly what i expected. shipping was incredible, i ordered thursday, had them monday. <end>  I look so cute!  Small and super shiny! The delivery time was incredible and I'm so so happy to have the cute little studs. <end>  Gorgeous  I don't know what that person that gave a 2 is talking about because these don't look handmade and are absolutely so cute and gorgeous. They would be great for kids as well. Love them. <end>  cute earrings  I wear these to school all the time and get many compliments; they go great with other earrings too if you have double piercings and the material doesn't irritate sensitive ears. 5 stars <end>  Star stud earrings  I was extremely happy with these earrings till I lost one. and then I went to reorder them and they are no longer listed... <end>  EXCELLENT!!!  Just the cutest little earrings... great price and shipping was super fast. I'll definately be back for more of your stuff!!I'm adding to my review 4 years later... these little earrings are just as nice as the day I bought them... in fact they are still available and I'm going to buy another pair just in case I ever loose them because I wear them SO much. <end>  Really love these!  I was a bit skeptic at first until these finally came in. I absolutely love them! They're very shiny and lustrous, the star stands out well against the black stud. Will be buying from this vendor much more often now. <end>  Not round!!!  My initial reaction was "Yay my earrings are here!! Wow, they're cute and shiny! Oh look, one of them is a weird shape and not really round." I had a friend look and they said, no it's not round, but it's okay if you want a homemade look. It sounds like other people on here are happy and didn't have my problem, so maybe it's worth taking a chance on getting these. As for me, I think I'm going to send them back. <end>
 B000A1EVBI  Sterling Silver and Amethyst Children's Cross Pendant, 14" ||	  It's a lot smaller that the picture makes it appear  I guess you get what you pay for, but the cross was extremely small and light-weight. I bought both the pink and purple crosses for my twins. They were so small, I couldn't tell which color was which. <end>  cross pendant  cross pendant was nice, but chain had to be replaced in a few months, due to length became to tight around the nice <end>
 B000A2V4TO  Dark Jet Black Crystal Beaded Stretch Handbag Purse Heart Shaped Stretch Bracelet ||	  Black bracelet.  I actually LOVE it. It is very cute for the price, the locket with the magnetic closure is brilliant. <end>  looks can be decieving...  When i saw this on the internet i thought it looked amazing, the silver beads looked nice. When it arrived to my house the box didn't weigh a thing, i opened it and the bracelet looked horrible. I couldn't believe i spent 13 dollars on this crummy bracelet. The only thing that seemed to interest me anymore was the heart shaped charm so i replaced all the beads and spacers and made my own bracelet. <end>
 B000A3MM2G  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Celtic Knot Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Too small and thin  My son bought this ring for me via Amazon. It is nice but it is too small and too thin. It would be nice for a girl not for an adult woman. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very nice ring for the price. I ordered 2 different rings and am wearing this on my left ring finger. It's a very pretty ring and I love it! Looks better in real life than it does in the pictures! My stone is lighter blue but they may vary and is very pretty. Shipping was super quick. Ordered on the 10th delivered on the 13th! <end>  Blue Topaz Celtic Ring  Delivery was prompt. Size is accurate. Design is smooth and comfortable.Item is as shown on site. Anyone ordering this item will enjoy it ! <end>  Gorgeous!  Better than the picture! My stone came in a bit lighter and I like it. Perfect gift for the lady in your life! <end>  beautiful piece!  Beautiful piece, received way before estimated date which hardly happens living in a rural area of Maine. It wasn't too large, it was perfect size and is beautifully crafted and polished. its stunning and fits and feels like a dream. SUPER EXCITED about my new purchase, and would recommend for friends and family - oh yeah - and you can't beat the price! I've spend way more on pieces that didn't make the cut - but this one, due to its size and fit is worth twice as much as I bought it for (to me anyway) LOVE LOVE LOVE IT can't say enough good things, and will be sure to shop silver insanity again! <end>  The perfect Celtic touch  I ordered this ring along with a couple of other items here on Amazon, and although this was the last of my items to be shipped it was the first to arrive; I just received it yesterday, so the shipping only took around 2 days.The size of the ring's stone and design are a bit smaller than I'd expected, but the perfect size, so that it looks dainty but not delicate. In fact, the picture shown on this page really doesn't do it justice--it looks much better and more perfect in real life!For the high quality at such a low price, it really can't be beat. This is the perfect ring for anyone looking for unique and beautiful Celtic jewelry. Can't wait to start wearing it! <end>  Love wearing it  I do so enjoy wearing this Celtic knot ring with the blue topaz stone in it. I have had others ask me where I got it. And I sometimes say I got it from my husband when in fact I purchased it for myself. I enjoy wearing Celtic style rings or earrings. <end>  Favorite Ring  Had this on my wish list and was fortunate to receive it as a Christmas gift. I have this ring in the onyx but love this stone so much more. The color is perfect along with the cut. Goes so well with jeans. This is my favorite everyday ring and I am a mature (grandmother) woman. <end>  Gift was a bit hit  This was a Christmas gift for my daugher-in-law, and she absolutely loves it. She says it's more comfortable than a similar band ring she has, and it's the perfect size to complement her other jewelry, not too thick, not too thin. <end>  Delicate and Beautiful!  This is a beautifully-detailed ring, and the blue topaz is lovely. Highly recommended as a purchase if you love fine jewelry. <end>  I bought this ring, so I can tell you what's what  It arrived earlier than I hoped!It is very pretty, and comfortable to wear!I recommend it! <end>  Not impressed  This ring had such great ratings, after visiting it often, I finally bought it as a gift. When I saw it in person, I was not impressed. It does look like the picture, but it also looks cheap. I do realize it costs cheap, I just wasn't impressed. It did arrive VERY quickly though. <end>  Topaz & Sterling Silver Celtic Ring  This was an inexpensive ring for a great price. It was a good buy for a HS niece who loves her celtic heritage and the color blue! <end>  Beautiful Ring.  The picture doesn't do the ring justice. It was stunning and my wife absolutely loves it. I plan on buying from this "store" again soon. <end>  Petite and very beautiful  It was just what I wanted - I wear this ring on my pinky finger and it looks perfect. Color clarity and triquetra pattern are striking. <end>  Not so impressed  I bought this because I thought it would be pretty and I have been looking for a birthstone ring for some time now. I was not impressed with the look of this ring. The stone is dull and has no life at all. I have never worn it and did not bother to return it. I guess you get what you pay for in this case. <end>  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Celtic Knot Ring Size 9 (Size 4,5,6,7,8,9) Review  I bought this ring a long time ago and I do not wear it anymore. It seemed to look old too fast due to the sterling silver. <end>  Beautiful Blue Topaz  This ring is beautiful, and refuses to tarnish! ( Not that I'm trying to tarnish it! LOL!) I always get compliments! <end>  thin ring  Silver on bottom of ring paper thin and came with marks on it. Very poor quality the top of ring was nice. <end>  Another Favorite  I love this ring and have worn it since receiving it...Everyone who has seen it loves it and wants one..The price is right and I love it..Highly recommend! <end>  Ok, but more for a child  Ring is very very pretty, but small. Would be better suited for a child and I gave it to my granddaughter who loves it. I rated it high because the ring itself is very pretty. <end>  blue topaz ring  Very nice ring for the price. Stone is a very pretty blue. Arrived very quickly. The ring is smaller than I thought it would be. <end>  Very Nice!  I was skeptical about buying this type of jewelry online - you never know with some of the "silver" jewelry you find. These rings are adorable. I bought one for my daughter and my sister (same age) and they are very pretty rings. <end>  love this ring  This is a nice little ring to wear every day. It fits nicely and is very attractive. Terrific for the price. <end>  This is a nice ring.  It fits perfect on my thumb finger which is what i was looking for. Also fits good on my index finger as well. Thanks <end>  Not a bad purchase.  I loved everything about this ring except for the fact that the stone is a much lighter blue in person than in the picture. <end>  Sweetest little ring.  I have very small fingers and this is perfect. It is my birthstone and I love the Celtic look. Service was great! <end>  sweet  Once I seen this ring I just had to have it. Its an awesome peice of jewerly, and Im soo happy I found it. Very sturdy, and tough, I even play vollyball with it on! <end>  Sterling Silver Ring  I got this product on time. It was in perfect condition and is of very good quality. I absolutely love this ring and will be buying more jewelry from this supplier in the future. <end>  Great for the price  I think this ring is abosolutely beautiful! And for that price, I couldn't pass it up. <end>  celtic topaz ring  i love this ring it looks just like the picture and has not left my finger since i got it. the fit is perfect and i got it in good time. <end>  Sister Gifts 1  I got two of this ring for two of my sisters whos birthdays are in December. I also purchased one with an amethyst, one with a sapphire and one with a peridot. Now my mother, my three sisters, and I can have matching birthstone rings. They are attractive and simple enough to be worn to work every day. <end>  Great product!  Purchased the ring along with matching earrings as a Christmas gift and they were very well received. The vendor shipped promptly and the price, very reasonable! <end>  Oh Wow  I happen to be wearing this ring right now!! lol it came in on time and it was going to be a gift for my sister but she said she thought it would look good on me ( and she liked the other ring i got her too) Great gift to give, its a beautiful blue and great design! <end>  Good Buy  This ring is exactly as it is described. It's not perfect but is what i was expecting and the price keeps it a good value <end>  Beautiful Ring  The ring was beautiful and the sizing was perfect. My only complaint, is how easily it bends...but I am also rough on jewelry and believe the cost vs product value is excellent. <end>  Buy two!  I bought this ring for my daughter's birthday but, oops, I got the wrong size and had to keep it for myself. The workmanship is quite good. <end>  Picky taste  I didn't realize how picky my taste is with rings until I scoured Amazon for hours looking for something that would interest me. This ring is one of the few I found, and I am far from a fan of having stones in my rings. It has a nice low profile. I've yet to have it catch on anything. I'm also not a fan of open knot work on rings, but this again managed to sidestep that distaste. The stone has no backing, so it gets an interesting red tinge in the middle, tinted by my finger. <end>  gin  The ring has a very pretty silver design, but the stone is very light blue topaz that appears transparent or green in the right light. <end>  Took awhile to arrive...was the only thing I was disappointed with.  It took a lot longer to arrive than it should have. I had to email the seller twice to see why it hadn't arrived yet. It took at least a week or two longer than what it was supposed to have. <end>  Celtic ring  I recived the ring withn the postal time set by you.I have notest that the ring has tarnished over the last few weeksand would like to know what I could clean it with.Other then that I'm happy with the ring. <end>  Ummm..  The ring setting is very lovely but you can tell that the stoneisn't real at a glance. But I still love the color! The blueis so soft and beautiful. It kinda reminds me of the sky.Except that the color is a bit lighter. Still, the ring is lovely. Too big, but still.... Love it!!! <end>  Good  I read the reviews of the other buyers while I was purchasing ing this ring. The first review makes it sound mediocre while the other made it sound perfect. I promised myself I'd write a TRUE review of the ring once I recieved my own. The stone is neither large nor gawdy. The silver pattern is slighty thick for my tastes however not noticably thick. The stone is not high nor fake looking. The picture gives an acurate display of the product. All in all, it's a beautiful ring and a lovely buy for the price asked. <end>  RING IS PERFECT  I was concerned the stone would stick up too high on my finger instead it's the perfect height. I was concerned about ordering off the internet but I'm very pleased with the speed of service and the quality of the topaz is very good. <end>  love the ring  I love my celtic knot ring from Silver Insanity. I've loved everything I've ordered from this company and will certainly order from them again. <end>  beautiful, dainty, and great quality at an affordable price!  I have had no problem calling this ring one of my most beautiful Silver Insanity rings ever. The elliptical shaped stone is a glittering light periwinkle stone that dances with an inner fire. The silver band is sturdy and strong, yet dainty. The Celtic design on the sides add a very nice, signature Silver Insanity touch. Very comfortable; I forget it is on until someone gives me yet another compliment! The sizing is absolutely perfect, and I would recommend this ring to anyone. Silver Insanity is a dependable brand for all sorts of rings. This ring is one of their best. It will not disappoint! All this quality in one ring just blows me away! It is totally worth the money. <end>  I love this ring!  I received the ring today, Feb 12, after placing the order on Feb 8 - fast delivery! The stone is a very pretty clear light blue, and while the metalwork has some flaws, you can't tell unless you're really examining it. For the price, this ring is perfect! Just what I was looking for, fits great, and looks great! <end>  Very Beautiful  I was actually looking for a perfect ring for me to wear just before I ever get my class ring. And I found this! I loved how it looked a blue green color! And I ordered it on Standard Shipping and it came two days later! But when I got it, it was a baby blue color instead and when I looked at the picture it was blue green but oh well, it still looks so good on me! =0 <end>  Another beautiful ring  The picture to this ring does not do it justice! The stone is a very beautiful shade of blue and not to mention beautifully cut! I love this ring and hate to take it off my finger to shower and to do the dishes! <end>  Loved your ring  Just what I wanted and arrived in very quick time and it was loved asa present. Also it was packaged in protective fashion <end>  My ring  I love this ring--I never take it off. It's beautiful, and fits like a charm. Great buy! <end>  Beautiful!  This is a great quality piece of jewelry, especially for the price. I bought this as a gift for my sister-in-law and she loved it!!! <end>
 B000A3TCYM  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful!  Gorgeous chain even if you aren't a nickel allergy sufferer. I was very impressed with the quick turnaround of the seller. I will definitely buy again from this vendor as it is a great product and truly is nickel-free. <end>  VERY beautiful chain!!!  Got this chain several days ago and it is gorgeous. I just love it and it definitely has the look of a finely crafted piece of jewelry. Don't hesitate. <end>  sadly, i had to return it.  the sterling silver chain turned blackish within weeks after wearing it. i was surprised because i've used sabrina silver before and i've always been happy with them. well, the good news is that i received a prompt refund. <end>  necklace...  Just received this chain yesterday and I like it.It came quickly and was 2 days ahead of deliv sked.It has a nice shine to it, and is comfortable.I got it for a small white gold cross pendant and they go togetherpretty nicely.It's an all-around nice necklace and a good general thickness at 1.5mm.I'd buy it again. <end>  GREAT NECKLACE!  Beautiful chain. Nice to have a choice of length. I have been really happy with my purchase-it's perfect for using with different pendants! <end>  Silver chain  I wear this a lot with many different pendants. It is solid and sturdy. Just the right length. <end>  Very happy  Received promptly in a nice gift box, and the necklace looks impecable. Haven't worn it yet--it is a gift for my husband for Christmas. I think it was a good buy. <end>
 B000A3UN5E  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful!  Gorgeous chain even if you aren't a nickel allergy sufferer. I was very impressed with the quick turnaround of the seller. I will definitely buy again from this vendor as it is a great product and truly is nickel-free. <end>  VERY beautiful chain!!!  Got this chain several days ago and it is gorgeous. I just love it and it definitely has the look of a finely crafted piece of jewelry. Don't hesitate. <end>  sadly, i had to return it.  the sterling silver chain turned blackish within weeks after wearing it. i was surprised because i've used sabrina silver before and i've always been happy with them. well, the good news is that i received a prompt refund. <end>  necklace...  Just received this chain yesterday and I like it.It came quickly and was 2 days ahead of deliv sked.It has a nice shine to it, and is comfortable.I got it for a small white gold cross pendant and they go togetherpretty nicely.It's an all-around nice necklace and a good general thickness at 1.5mm.I'd buy it again. <end>  GREAT NECKLACE!  Beautiful chain. Nice to have a choice of length. I have been really happy with my purchase-it's perfect for using with different pendants! <end>  Silver chain  I wear this a lot with many different pendants. It is solid and sturdy. Just the right length. <end>  Very happy  Received promptly in a nice gift box, and the necklace looks impecable. Haven't worn it yet--it is a gift for my husband for Christmas. I think it was a good buy. <end>
 B000A3UN5O  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.5mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful!  Gorgeous chain even if you aren't a nickel allergy sufferer. I was very impressed with the quick turnaround of the seller. I will definitely buy again from this vendor as it is a great product and truly is nickel-free. <end>  VERY beautiful chain!!!  Got this chain several days ago and it is gorgeous. I just love it and it definitely has the look of a finely crafted piece of jewelry. Don't hesitate. <end>  Great for those with nickel allergies.  I have a nickel allergy and have to be very careful about what I put on my body when it comes to jewelry. Even some jewelry that is listed as &#34;nickel free&#34; has broken me out or irritated my ears/neck in the past, so I never trust anything until I put it on and try it. This necklace passed the test with flying colors. I have worn it for weeks, all day long, with it rubbing all over my neck, and have not gotten any rashes or irritation. It is sturdy and well made, and I do not feel like I have to be super cautious when wearing or handling it for fear it will snap/break. It is attractive and shiny in appearance. I am very pleased all around, great chain. <end>  sadly, i had to return it.  the sterling silver chain turned blackish within weeks after wearing it. i was surprised because i've used sabrina silver before and i've always been happy with them. well, the good news is that i received a prompt refund. <end>  necklace...  Just received this chain yesterday and I like it.It came quickly and was 2 days ahead of deliv sked.It has a nice shine to it, and is comfortable.I got it for a small white gold cross pendant and they go togetherpretty nicely.It's an all-around nice necklace and a good general thickness at 1.5mm.I'd buy it again. <end>  GREAT NECKLACE!  Beautiful chain. Nice to have a choice of length. I have been really happy with my purchase-it's perfect for using with different pendants! <end>  Silver chain  I wear this a lot with many different pendants. It is solid and sturdy. Just the right length. <end>  Very happy  Received promptly in a nice gift box, and the necklace looks impecable. Haven't worn it yet--it is a gift for my husband for Christmas. I think it was a good buy. <end>
 B000A3WXBG  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets light 1.2mm Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Beautiful  I love ordering from Sabrina Silver . product is always as described and she ships very quickly. I goofed with one of my orders and she was so easy to work with for an exchange. <end>  14" Necklace  This necklace is just as advertised. I like it a lot. I was looking for an "almost choker" necklace. I would really like a wider one, but this one will do. <end>  silver chain  I purchased a sterling silver Italian snake chain bracelet. I'm allergic to anything with nickle so this worked nicely. It was shipped quickly and exactly what I ordered at a very reasonable price. I would buy from this vendor again. I have never been disappointed with an item I have ordered through Amazon. <end>  Just what I was looking for  I have had this chain for about a week now, and I wear it 24 hours. I bought the 14" one, and it sticks to the neck - which is what I wanted. It's hard to find the 14" length in stores and was glad to find it here on Amazon. The chain is thick, all nice and silvery and I like that it's nickel free. The shipping was quick as well. Thank You! <end>  Sterling Silver 1.2 mm snake chain (14")  Purchased three of these chains for grandchildren. They are absolutely beautiful but 2 or the 3 chains broke at the point where the chain is joined to the ketch.I would have given these chains with 5 stars but I do not know why the chains failed. (i.e. If grandchildren mishandled or if chains had a poor connection joint.) <end>  Poor Quality  Had this for only a couple of months or so and it's already broken. It only ever received occasional, light wear. The chain snapped clean through. Do not waste your money. <end>  Good buy!  I had metal allergy, so I was looking for nickel-free chain. I bought 18", and it's good length for me. Fast shipping, good packing. I really like it, and am happy because I don't need to wear old silver chain.(Of course, it includes nickel!) <end>  Very nice necklace  I ordered this chain as a replacement for another chain I already had but broke, and I'm happy with the purchase. It's very good quality and after 3 weeks of wearing it constantly, there is no signs of wear or tarnish. I would buy from this vendor again. Thanks! <end>  Nice product  I purchased an 18" chain. My order arrived very quickly. The chain is nice and appears sturdy. In my opinion, this is a good product. <end>  Silver Snake Chain Necklace  I bought this snake chain necklace in the 14" length. It is beautiful and of very good quality. I love it! I am a small adult so it is not just for a child. I am enjoying wearing mine with various pendants. <end>  Sterling Silver Chain  Excellent buy. My purchase was intended for my 2 nieces for Christmas! Upon arrival, my daughter claimed one and I claimed the second. Now I've got to order 2 more! Fast delivery, too. <end>  BEAUTIFUL NECKLACE  I have searched & searched for a necklace exactly like this one. I love the look of a short chain - I got this children's necklace & it works perfectly!I love it!Sandy <end>  Great item! Hard to find!  I bought two of these (one for each daughter 3 & 6). It is very hard to find sterling chains in the length needed for children. Thank you! <end>
 B000A3Z6BK  Sterling Silver Italian Snake Chain Necklaces & Bracelets medium thick 2mm wide Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Nice looking but....  The silver necklace looks very nice and sturdy so I got it for my husband to wear a Celtic cross on. The first time he took it off over his head it broke at the clasp. Not very happy. <end>
 B000A428D8  Brooche - bre0094 - rose ||	  Arrives as shown in picture  Brooch is very pretty with a vintage look. Picture give good depiction of what brooch will look like. <end>
 B000A5SIJK  Toe Ring - 14kt Gold Scrolls ||	  too cute  I thought it was going to be a tiny thing but it is a nice size. You can wear as a joint ring also. Nice. <end>
 B000A6O78A  Antica Murrina Cancun - Murano Glass Beads Drop Earrings Multicolor ||	  VERY DISAPPOINTED Antica Murrina Veneziana Cancun  Not even worth the 1 star!!! I purchased the Antica Murrina Veneziana Cancun Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings as a Christmas surprise for my sister on NOVEMBER 28th. I received a "your order has been shipped" email on NOVEMBER 30th with a tracking numbering. It is now DECEMBER 18th, and I still do not have my purchase!!! When I view UPS to track, it has been stuck in the UPS warehouse since DECEMBER 1st. I have called UPS over a half-dozen times and each person gives me a different answer as to why it's being held in customs. I finally got tired of doing the leg work and emailed FORZIERI (the jewelry vendor) 3 times to see if they had better luck. Someone finally emailed me back on DECEMBER 16th saying they would look into why it's being held. I have not received anything further from them. At this point I am extremely frustrated and disappointed. This was supposed to be a fun Christmas surprise for my sister who had this jewelry on her wishlist. I can't believe the time I'm spending just to get this package. <end>
 B000A6TM7G  Faberge style egg ||	  Beautiful  It looks exactly like the picture - beautiful - and the color is also as shown in the photos. The workmanship is exquisite, the quality excellent, the price - it's on sale. <end>
 B000A79ETG  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Anchor Pendant ||	  Tarnished  I loved this necklace at first...but after a few months it has become badly tarnished and no polish can remove this. I'm very disappointed. <end>  Love it!  I got this necklace about a year ago and it still looks just as beautiful today. And I wear it every day! I get compliments on it all the time and everyone asks what the story behind it is. I definitely recommend this item to anyone that's undecided. <end>  Wear it on my boat  This is a great nautical necklace, I have a boat and wear it whenever we go out boating. Everyone loves it and it has held up very well. <end>  CZ Anchor Pendant  I love my anchor necklace! What a great piece to start the summer off with. Everyone wants to know where I got it. Also- spectacular for the cheap price and it shipped out to me right away. Very pleased! <end>
 B000A79EWI  Past Present and Future 3 Stone Princess CZ Anniversary Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring  Just received this ring in the mail. I love, love, LOVE IT!!!! CZ stone not too big and therefore makes it look realistic! So happy with my purchase! <end>  Beautiful Product!  We were very pleased with the condition and loveliness of this product. We are wowed and very pleased. Thank you! <end>
 B000A7HDGM  Dachshund Pin ||	  For the Doxie Lover  This pin is cute and would be enjoyed by someone who owns a Dachshund. I purchased for my sister-in-law...mother to &#34;Oskar&#34; and she put it on immediately. I gave it three stars because the finish is kind of a hammered pewter and I prefer a smooth surface but it was well done. <end>
 B000A7NP3M  Sweet 16 - 10kt Gold Charm ||	  SMALL BUT NICE  The Sweet 16 Charm was very pretty and was a good value. Unfortunately it was a little smaller than I had expected. It is a good size for a charm bracelet, but I was ordering it to wear on a chain as a necklace pendant. It still works, and is very pretty, even though a bit small for this purpose. <end>
 B000A8EX2I  14kt Best Aunt Heart Charm - C2185 ||	  Not worth your time and money!  The charm is a huge disappointment. It looks like it is from a gumball machine. And even worse, the clasp does NOT even connect so that you can put a chain on it. It is really chinsy!! I hope the refund is as simple as the purchase! <end>
 B000A8QADS  10kt. Gold, Peridot & Diamond Fashion Ring (Size 5) ||	  3 Stone Peridot  I like this ring alot. I would buy it again. The only thing I didn't like was the band width was thinner then I thought from the picture. But the stones are beautiful and a good size. <end>
 B000AA2VOI  White Clear Panada Ball Belly Button Ring ||	  Same as the kiosk in the mall, except for the price  I ordered eight navel rings, mostly out of curiosity Sapphire Blue GEM DRAGONFLY Belly Ring,Spiral Twister - Arctic Blast BEACH BALL Belly Button Ring,White Puprle PANDA BALL Belly Button Ring,Blue DOUBLE CABACHON Banana Belly Ring,Pink GLITTER Spiral Twister Belly Ring,Crystalline Gem DISCO BALL Glitter Belly Ring,Fuchsia Gem DAINTY BUTTERFLY Belly Button Ring, andWhite Clear PANADA BALL Belly Button Ring. Normally I buy them from the kiosk in the mall for $25-30 each. Sometimes the kiosk has a deal for when you spend a $100 or more, but even with the deal, they are terribly overpriced.THESE ARE THE SAME as the kind in the mall. Side by side, they are the same quality. They look the same, they feel the same, they are the same. The only difference is that they have not been handled by sales clerks and strangers in the mall. Oh, and the price is not the same.I've discovered that I go through these like earrings. Either a part falls off or catches on clothing and it's all over. All of my favorite ones have been ruined. One part is gone and they need to be thrown away. It's not good to get too 'attached.'I bought these from Body Candy. They arrived in a few days, much earlier than the date given on purchase, and the prices were excellent. <end>
 B000AA2VRK  Pink Lime MARRACAS Belly Button Ring ||	  =)  The colors on this belly ring are pretty - the pink and green look really good together. <end>
 B000AA2VRU  Lime Blue Marracas Belly Button Ring ||	  Love it  Love the looks of this one, haven't got to wear it yet, but it is so cute. Very vivid colors, great for summer. Can't wait to wear it. <end>
 B000AA2VSE  Orange GLOW in the DARK Belly Button Ring ||	  Cute  This belly button ring didn't glow as much as I thought it would, but the orange color looked good anyway. I never had any reactions to the metal and never had trouble getting the ball screwed on. <end>
 B000AA4MRM  Lilac MIRACLE BALL Belly Button Ring ||	  Interesting  When I ordered this, I thought that it would be more of a shimmer/fine glitter. It actually reflects light more like a cat eye stone and can almost appear transparent in certain light. I still think it's beautiful and a wonderful value. I will order this finish in different colors. <end>  =)  The iridescent shimmery color of this belly ring is so pretty! It's very cute for spring. <end>
 B000AA7J68  TROPICAL JADE Belly Button Ring ||	  Disappearing act  The top disappeared withing 10 minutes of me putting it in. The belly ring is still cute, but now worthless <end>  Nice  The colors are a lot darker and bolder in person, you can barely see the green on the outside and when the ring is on from a distance, it doesn't look multicolored. I still think it is pretty and it is very comfortable in. <end>  =)  All of the glittery multi-colored belly rings are really sparkly and fun - I definitely recommend buying more than one! <end>
 B000AA7J6I  SANGARIA de PARCHA Belly Button Ring ||	  *****  I love all the tri-color glitter belly rings - the color combinations are fun, and the glitter looks great! <end>
 B000AA7J8G  BANGING BLUE Stripe Belly Button Ring ||	  Cute for 1.99  I love this belly ring! At first i thought the 1.99 ones are cheap with hunks of plastic at the ends but when i got mine in the mail i was astonished on how well they hold on (i'm very active and my belly ring seems to get knocked/hit/pushed alot) but they did not break or anything. <end>
 B000AA7JBI  Blue Lime Marracas Belly Button Ring ||	  =)  While the actual belly ring is a little less vibrant than the picture, it is still really nice. Not only is the quality great, the colors are very complimentary. My experiences with BodyCandy have been nothing but good, and I will assuredly be ordering their products in the future. <end>  Looks like the picture  What you see is what you get, with fast shipping etc. <end>
 B000AASMP0  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Enameled American Flag ||	  item not same as displayed  The toe ring I received is not the same as the one displayed. I was disappointed but I kept the ring. The ring I received only has 6 stars and the one red strip goes all the way under the stars. I have one like the one displayed (and love it) and was getting one for a friend who wanted one. In the future you need to display the item you are selling. Not sure I will order through amazon.com in the future since I will not be assured to receive what I am ordering. <end>  Love it  Very American, I wear it every patriotic holiday, and whenever I wear Blue. Nice ring, very noticeable, and received many compliments. Heavy duty too, not cheap. <end>  BEAUTIFUL FUNNY RING FOR TOE OR FOR SMALL FINGER  PERFECT FINITION (enameled and full color) AND FUNNY FOR THE SIZE ! For men, women and children !...with reasonable priceYou must buy for your 'patriotic' collection. I love it <end>
 B000AASQHE  Sterling Silver Antiqued Snake Toe Ring ||	  Great purchase!  This toe ring is perfect! It is comfortable to wear and made of great quality materials. A must-have for anyone who loves to collect beautiful toe rings! <end>  Too Cute  This toe ring is so cute. It can be dressed up or down. I get so many compliments on it when I wear it! I wish it came in gold. <end>
 B000AAWR6U  Ring - Sterling Silver Polished Toe Ring ||	  Misleading.  This ring is advertised as sterling silver, but it is not solid silver -- it is silver-PLATED. Unless I'm very much mistaken, the base is plastic. <end>  disappionted  Unless I'm just stupid, I ordered this ring and never read anywhere saying it was a TOE ring !!!! They need to explain that it is NOT a RING but a TOE ring !!! <end>
 B000ACMKS8  Amazon.com  Natural Shell Stretch Bracelet ( 6 Rich Colors ) - Blue / Green  Clothing ||	  shell bracelet...bought an identical look for $1.00 at flea in FL  These are really nice, but the one I bought has cheap elastic. This may not be exactly the same, to be fair, because I bought mine in FL at a flea market for $1.00! It sure looks identical, though. I just plan to restring mine if the elastic goes. The elastic on these may be better; I don't know. <end>
 B000AD00MU  Platinum Petite Round Hoop Earrings ||	  more platinum  once again not a knock off. the real deal platinum gems perfect size and weight heavy but not to heavy. excellent clasp. <end>
 B000AHQMIC  .925 Sterling Silver Engravable Heart Womens Bracelet Size 7.5 ||	  Nicer than I expected but....  My expections weren't that high. Being that it is significantly cheaper than several others I thought it might not be that great but it was nice. I also like that they have 3 sizes you can choose from. <end>
 B000AI8UMM  Sterling Silver Clear Crystal and White Imitation Pearl Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful for the price  I was so pleased with the quality of this bracelet...for the price...sterling silver it can't be beat. Love the crystals and toggle clasp. <end>
 B000AJCNNS  Fine Luxury Anniversary Gifts for Her - 16" Empress Ming Lacquer Jewelry Box Chest Case- 4 Colors ||	  (Less than 1 star) very poor quality, not as pictured  Not worth the price.Hinges are loose due to stripped screw holes.Overall structure is not as pictured - top is not the tray top as pictured but flat.Front painting/design is not as pictured (and scratched).Front drawer pull installed crooked.Paint on inside drawers has been scraped by hardware inside doors.I am expecting a complete refund as this is not what was ordered. <end>
 B000AJCR1G  Fine Luxury Mother's Day Gift Her Wife Girlfriend Lover - 12" Qing Rosewood Jewelry Box w/ Shou Symbol & 2 Drawers ||	  Very nice box  This is as good or better than described and well worth the price on Amazon. Shipped from an outside merchant, there wasn't much communication about shipping, etc., but it DID get here in plenty of time and was well-packed. Very good quality. <end>  Impressive  Very impressive item and initial appearances ( my opinion has not changed over the month or so I've owned this ) are the construction and overall quality is high. I would only note that the finish has a lighter and more reddish brown tone than the image on Amazon's website, for me this was not a problem since I prefer it to the darker toned image that appears on the website. <end>
 B000ALNC86  Earrings - Sterling Silver Rose Quartz Antiqued Fancy Dangle Earrings ||	  tiny twist pinkrose quartz earrings  very delicate and i wear them with a lot of different things. may order a pair for my sisiter so she wont steal them!!!! <end>
 B000ALXFVU  Earrings - Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings ||	  wow!  wow im only nine and my b-day is coming up and i haven't looked at alot of earrings but those are really cheap and pretty so i might get them  ) <end>
 B000AM4YTG  14kt Yellow Gold Budded Cross - C1473 ||	  Hmmmmm....  This cross was very cute. I took one star away because it was much smaller than it looked (I couldn't find any measurements). And the other because I was a bit disappointed in the value. So if you're aware of the size and price and in love with it anyway, maybe it's for you. <end>
 B000AMPQMU  Violetta Asian Jewelry Box ||	  Not so great  This box is pretty, but that's all it has going for it. There is no picture of the inside, which consists of 1 pull out tray, about 5" X 5", with a small side slotted for rings, may hold eight medium size rings. Underneath that is a simple 3 sectioned bottom. Best of all, no way to latch it, even my 30+ year old jewelry box had a latch, so be aware that the clip in front is just a swinging decoration, not functional at all.Pretty, but overpriced and usless if you want to keep things in it, forget about any sort of security, pick it up wrong and you will be picking up your jewelry. Today I discovered that although you get a real person when you call Oriental Furniture (shocking, I know), you get to pick up the tab for shipping the item back, and they insist on insurance AND a tracking number, seems like all you get to do is pay for a big bunch of nothing. Merry Xmas to me! <end>
 B000AMXF5U  Swirl - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Not A Comfort Fit  I bought this ring as an upgrade to my basic Tungsten Carbide band. I wanted a dressier look since I no longer work in an environment that beats up softer metals.The ring is very nice looking and the size fits well. However I expected a "Comfort Fit" ring to have buffed out, smooth edges to the Florentine cuts and edges. I gave up wearing the ring after a week of daily wear when the inside of my middle and little fingers became so raw that wearing the ring became too painful to endure.I will keep the ring to pull out if I want a dress ring, but otherwise it will reside in my dresser drawer. I will wear my plain old "Comfort Fit" Tungsten Carbide band for daily wear. <end>  Man's Wedding Ring  This was a replacement for my original wedding ring which I had worn for 53 years and recently lost. Realy happy with the design and overall quality of the ring. <end>  He loves the Ring  My fiance and I couldn't be more impressed with the ring, we got it in plenty of time, and it was just what he wanted. <end>  A lot of bling for the buck!  I'm very pleased with the design and quality of this ring. It's a perfect fit and feels comfortable on my finger. However, the photo adds reflections to the gold band section of the ring, there is no engraving on it. Delivery was via Fedex and came much sooner than expected. <end>  Beautiful Ring at a Great Price!!  This is a beautiful, high quality ring at a great price! The ring arrived quickly, no problems whatsoever. I highly recommend it as a very reasonably priced option for a quality wedding ring. I actually purchased mine as an alternative ring to wear with a two-tone watch. I would definitely buy again from this company!! <end>  Beautiful rings  Bought these for wedding - they are beautiful. It was difficult to decide which design to choose from Alain Raphael - very happy with this one. Delivery was quick. <end>  Very nice!!!  The rings the itself are well made and very pretty. We just submitted our custom numbers and within a week and half it was produced and shipped. A very comfortable fit. <end>  Great Quality Rings  My wife and i love them, the quality is better then i expected. we have not waren them yet we are waiting for our anniversity. <end>  Beautiful ring!  We had searched for wedding bands, both in jewelry stores and online. It was almost impossible to find a size 16 ring for my fiance, and if a company was willing to size it that much (most were not), it was going to cost as much as buying another ring. We were getting very frustrated, looking for a two tone ring that we both liked, one that was reasonably priced, and a good quality. We had nearly resigned ourselves to settling for something neither of us really liked to find something that would merely "work." Then we found this ring! We did have to pay a fee, of course, to get a size 16, and my fiance wanted his band wider, while I wanted mine thinner. No problem! We ordered them on Monday, received them on Friday. We could not be more happy with them. I highly recommend this company! The customer service is excellent. <end>  Wonderful Quality and Service  After months of searching in stores and online for his wedding band, we stumbled across this ring. After a few emails we were able to customize the ring width, and the materials into a ring he is happy to wear. The customer service was great and they walked us through the customization process. The fit is perfect (we went to a professional jeweler to get the size), and the ring looks wonderful. We received the ring a week after finalizing the order, and we are very pleased. <end>  my wedding band  I recently got married. I ordered mine and my husband's rings from Amazon.com and we both really like them. We didn't know you could, I wanted a celtic wedding band and typed that in my server and the ones I ordered came up on my screen. We were both impressed. We'd tell anyone that was looking for a ring to check out Amazon.com. <end>
 B000AMZR06  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Heart Shaped Tennis Bracelet ||	  WOW What A Beauty  This bracelet is stunning! It is so well made and so believable. With the heart design it's so much more than a typical tennis bracelet. The stones are round cut set inside a cutout heart pattern. You have to see it in person to understand how beautiful it is. The picture does not do it justice at all. This is not the kind of bracelet you'll find on every woman, it has a unique romantic look. The heart design is actually very subtle and classy so this would work for all ages, it's not the least bit cutesy or childish, it's pure elegance. The bracelet also has a great weight to it too, yet it's very comftorable. The double clasp is very sturdy, yet easy to do and undo (unlike many I've had in the past from other jewelers). The price on this is fantastic for what you get and Eve's Addiction has always given me perfect service! I HIGHLY recommend it! <end>
 B000AN3KAE  Tiffany Style Sterling Silver Rolo Heart Bracelet ||	  Very Nice Brand new!!!  This bracelet is very very nice i got it for my girlfriend and she loves it i got it for our 1 year anniversary!! men this is a god gift to get your loved ones!!! She loves it and it looks nice!! <end>
 B000ANFUTS  Poison Silver Locket Natural Seed Pearl Ring - Dahlia Vintage Collection ||	  Beautiful  I love this ring and get so many compliments! It's easy to open but not too obviously hinged. The only downside is that if you gesture too vigorously you might hit your hand off the wall and knock off a pearl...  ( <end>  Exquisite  I purchased this ring last year and I have been wearing it quite often. The craftsmanship is superb. The details are intricately beautiful. It is a true treasurable piece of jewelery and I love it. <end>
 B000AOC23Y  Celtic Knot Claddaugh Sterling Silver Antiqued Pendant 18" stainless-steel Chains ||	  beautiful - one of my favorite pieces!!!!!!!  I LOVE this pendant!!!!! I have my own & have begun buying them for my daughters as gifts. We all very much into our Irish heritage, however, this pendant is just lovely to wear for any reason & practically any occasion. The claddaugh has its roots in Ireland - its lovely to bring some that here to let it take root!!! <end>
 B000AP1GL2  St. Christopher Sterling Silver Reversible Baseball Pendant Medal with 20 inch Steel Necklace ||	  Disappointed  I was really disappointed with the product. It is to thin and the chain turns a dark color after a few wears. I have only had this item for 3 weeks and have had to clean it four (4) times already. Would not recommend it for purchase. <end>  Great  The product arrived ahead of schedule and was just as described. It was a gift for my husband and he really likes it. <end>
 B000AP6MD4  St. Christopher Sterling Silver Reversible Soccer Medal with 20 inch Steel Necklace ||	  Nice Necklace for Boy  Not too girly, just right as a confirmation gift for our nephew. He liked it and wears it frequently. Thanks. <end>
 B000AQI2L8  Cubic Zirconia CZ Scroll Toe Ring - JewelryWeb ||	  Scroll toe ring  This was a gift for my wife. It came on time, in a very nice little package. She loved it. What more can I say? <end>  Great toe ring!  I ordered this for myself after not being able to find a white gold toe anywhere locally. I was actually quite hesitate about ordering jewellery online, but when it arrived I was pleasantly suprized. Its a very nice ring and unlike anything else I had ever seen. <end>
 B000AQQGUW  Pink Crystal Drops and Flower Silver Tone Filigree Chandelier Earrings ||	  Cute but heavy  I really like these earrings. I don't wear them often because of their weight, but they're cute and I enjoy wearing them when I do. <end>
 B000ARAE2C  Silver Tone Filigree Euro Style Cross Earrings with Leverbacks and Synthetic Turquoise ||	  don't let price fool you...  Do not judge these earrings by the price, they are so beautiful and bold, yet very comfortable on the ear, I absolutely love them and was stunned at the price, they are also very shiny and lots of filigree, I would have bought more colors if offered. Silver Insanity is great, lots of unique items, great service and the best prices...see for yourself! <end>
 B000AS2CT4  Sterling Silver Peridot Jazz Club Band ||	  Cheap Appearance & Poor Customer Service  The ring is much cheaper than it appears in the photograph. One of the small diamonds was missing from the ring, so I returned it. Eves Addiction refunded the purchase price and the return postage. I requested refund of the initial shipping postage, but they haven't responded in over a week. The ring is cheap, the customer service is poor. Buy something else from another seller. <end>  Peridot Jazz Club Band  Absolutely love this ring. The color combination is to die for and every time I wear it I am showered with compliments on it. One of my favorite pieces of jewelry. <end>
 B000AS4O72  14K Yellow Gold 0.6MM BOX BABY CHAIN 16" ||	  Not happy with Item  It is very difficult to buy gold via the web because the pictures do not show actual size. felt that the item was over priced. It was very thin and the baby snatched it and broke it in the first use. <end>
 B000AS4O7C  14K Yellow Gold 0.6MM BOX BABY CHAIN 18" ||	  Not happy with Item  It is very difficult to buy gold via the web because the pictures do not show actual size. felt that the item was over priced. It was very thin and the baby snatched it and broke it in the first use. <end>
 B000AS9SBY  14K Yellow Gold 0.6MM BOX BABY CHAIN 24" ||	  Not happy with Item  It is very difficult to buy gold via the web because the pictures do not show actual size. felt that the item was over priced. It was very thin and the baby snatched it and broke it in the first use. <end>
 B000ASFCPA  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 10, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B000AUFB7W  INRI Cross Charm - XR509 ||	  Very small and not well made  While the cross itself looks good, the size and craftsmanship are both poor. The size given by this retailer are with the bale (this should be made clear). I probably should have queried this fact.However, the Jesus on the cross is actually starting to fall off (one arm is coming off now) and I've had this approximately one month.I would not purchase this item or recommend at all.Cheers,R <end>
 B000AUXO4O  Sterling Silver Ear Threader Needleback Chain Earrings with Aurora Borealis Crystal Drops ||	  Versatile and fun earrings!  This is my first pair of Threader earrings, they are very comfortable and they match with any outfit, dressy or casual.Since they are Aurora Borealis, they match with ANY color too.I really love them and have had lots of compliments on them. <end>  drop earnings  They're okay. Would be cuter if the crystal drops were smaller. No complaints otherwise. <end>  beautiful threader earrings  Very good quality & pretty crystal earrings. I am very pleased with these earrings as I bought them to give as a Christmas gift. The shipment from this seller was received sooner than expected. <end>
 B000AYGD5M  Children's Bangle Bracelet (length  5") ||	  Great gift for a little girl  I am very happy with the product I received. It is exactly what you would expect for the price. I gave it to my 3 year old niece and she didn't want to take it off! She pulled on the safety chain a lot when we first put it on her, but after a day or so she had forgotten about it. Overall, a good buy. <end>
 B000AZ4A9M  Sterling Silver Diamond Cubic Zirconia Engagement Ring ||	  looks better in the picture  looks grander in the picture. looks like gawdy cut glass, no color, costume jewelry <end>  love the sparkle  This ring sparkles and looks great. I can't afford the real thing, so this really works well for me! <end>
 B000AZ6MTI  Sterling Silver Mesh Ring ||	  great chunky ring  I am really enjoying this ring. It is true to size and is very comfortable to wear. Good find for the money. Everything I have purchased from Eve's Addiction has been great. <end>  Just Perfect  I just received my ring today and it is absolutely beautiful.I ordered my true size and it fits like a glove. I am very happy and would order again without any hesitation. <end>  Great quality and beautiful  Bought this ring for my girlfriend and she loves it! The size was right on and the flex style of the ring made it very comfortable to wear. Great buy! <end>  good value  Pretty and nice. Inexpensive, and while more bulky than I expected, it's actually quite nice. Wish they had it in half sizes as this is slightly too large. <end>  Beautiful piece of jewlery  Great piece for the price! During ordering, I was nervous the ring would be stiff, however the ring is very flexible. <end>
 B000AZ8KYS  Trinity Charm - 14kt Gold Yellow Gold Celtic Pendant ||	  trinity charm pendant  This charm was very nice. It was as described. From looking at the picture, I had the impression that it was more three dimensional than it actually was. In reality, it was more flat & not as solid/heavy as it looked in the picture. (That's the only reason for the 4 stars as opposed to 5 stars.) Despite that, I'm happy with this purchase. Also, it was delivered in a timely manner. I had no complaints about that either. <end>  Beware of online Jewelry Purchases  This is my fault for believing or imagining what I am seeing in picture.When it arrived it was nothing but a metal stamped piece of jewelry and it wasn't what I would call "Solid" gold.I will limit my jewelry purchases to items I am sure of in the future. <end>  Pride of the Irish  I couldn't have been more pleased when I saw the Trinity Charm I had purchased as a gift for a friend. The size, style, weight, and design made it a stunning necklace charm. Now I want one for myself. <end>  Trinity for ever  I bought this for my boyfriends birthday, and we both loved it!!! Brings both of our Irish heritage together!! <end>
 B000B0Y3OI  1.5mm Sterling Silver 30" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace ||	  1.5mm Sterling Silver 30" Bead or Ball Chain Necklace  The chain is poorly made. It broke between the fastner link and the chain shortly after receiving and wearing it. The chain is not made strong enough for daily use. Don't buy, buy a heavier chain and pay the higher price. You get want you pay for. Now the chain is useless. Wasted money. <end>  Beautiful & durable  This chain is truly lovely and looks good with any type of pendant. The length is perfect and the chain has a nice shimmer. It is delicate enough in appearance that it is a very classy-looking chain and dresses up an outfit. It is also strong and durable; it stands up to frequent use. It's my "go-to" chain when I'm getting ready to go out. I will purchase more of this type of chain. <end>
 B000B0Y3R0  Sterling Silver Gold Toned Genuine Amethyst Ring Size 7(Size 7,8) ||	  beautiful ring !!  great item!!! received the ring very soon after ordering, and it is very beautiful. the size is slightly smaller than it should be, and the band is very thin, and will bend easily, but it could not have been a better buy !! <end>
 B000B0ZNRE  Celtic Knot Sterling Silver and Green Agate Inlay Wide Mens Band Ring(Sizes 10,11,12,13) ||	  beautifully made ring  This ring is gorgeous and fits right in with the other sterling silver Celtic rings that I have. I was a little worried at first with the size of the band since it's a 10 and I wear a 9 but the band is very wide and the ring fits perfectly and is hardly loose at all. Even though this is a mans ring it isn't to big or clunky, a must have for all lovers of Celtic rings! The ring also arrived very quickly which is the same for the other ring I bought from this company, I would definitely do business with them again! <end>
 B000B2WBTK  Emerg Alert Medical Alert Emergency ID Necklace and Wallet Card - "Heart Patient" ||	  Heart Patient Emergency ID Necklace  Bought this for my honey. The product is well made and worth every penny! I will buy another! Great value! <end>  Heart med necklace  My mom ordered this because she had heart surgery a few years ago. Loves wearing it. Does not bother her or fade. Great great purchase! <end>  heart medical ID jewelry necklace  The necklace was purchased for my daughter with heart disease. She wears it daily and it complements her attire. <end>
 B000B4GG3K  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Motion Spin Ring Size 10.5(Size 10,10.5,11) ||	  Somewhat less detailed than image  Received this item in a timely manner and it is stamped .925 sterling silver. The size was just right and the outer band smoothly spins around the fixed band. As in the image, the outer band is silver and the underlying band is a dark background bringing out the pattern, however, in the image, the outer band of knots appears to be raised, whereas the one I received is flat. Also, my ring looks much more like a series of figure 8's ,overlapping in places, rather than actual knots with the over-under as appears in the image. Where the design begins and ends there is an obvious seam.That said, I wanted this as something I could wear to Ren Faire and the crude design lends itself to that rather than something overly fancy. And at the price, I wasn't expecting too much so am ok with the item I received. <end>
 B000B5K40K  Olive Wood Rosary with Soil From Bethlehem ||	  Well Constructed  I love this rosary. I use it daily at home and take it with me when praying away from home. It is beautifully made, just the right size and and well constructed for every day use. <end>  Wow  I bought this last year for my car's rear view mirror. I have it hung in there and sometimes my car would be in the hot Florida sun. The quality on the wood is great such that it does not show any sign of fading or any kind and it still looks as new as I bought it. Sometimes I feel that I should replace my other rosary for praying. Nonetheless its beauty is just priceless. <end>  Beautiful Rosary!  I have been meaning to purchase a new rosary for some time, I finally picked this one for it's simple yet beautiful design. The beads are nicely polished and the overall look of the rosary is very nice. It's a simple olive wood design which actually reminds me Jesus was a carpenter. The small soil container is a nice touch and gives this rosary a very unique quality as well.I seen a few people have complained about the durability, all I can say is mine arrived intact with no problems. I have also been wearing it around my neck for awhile now with no issues. The metal links do seem a little thin but as long as you are gentle with it, I do not see it being an issue. I would not however pick this one to give to a child or young adult since they may not be as careful. <end>  I never got it!!!!  The product never arrived!!!! UPS leaves all items in a certain place and this item has never arrived. I found no option for this so am using review. You DO need an option for non arriveal of product. <end>  Asthetically pleasing BUT...  I purchased this as a gift for my Grandmother for Christmas and she loved it. But within a month she told me that one of the links broke.This is a nice item to have strickly for decoration/display purposes only. The links are not very durable and regularly handling it will inevitably lead to it breaking.Your decision to purchase it should be based on its intended use. Hope this helps. <end>  A Beautiful Rosary  One of the most beautiful Rosaries I have ever seen; well crafted, with sturdy construction, and with a Certificate of Authenticity.It was received well packaged, in shorter time than promised, and I am very pleased with this purchase.Truly something special that I will cherish always. <end>  SUPERB GIFT IDEA  I purchased two of the rosaries and am really pleased with the items. The rosaries are sleek and well crafted. The soil really adds some significance to the rosary. Will recommend to anyone considering to make the purchase. <end>  Olive Wood Rosary  This is an excellent rosary for the Holy Season. It is very durable; I left it in my pocket in the wash, it survived with no ill affects. It would make a great gift. No FLASH OR FLUFF.This product is all you need to inspire you to pray. It is not hokey at all, it does not look cheap. It is simple, if you like simplicity then you will adore this rosary. <end>  Well pleased!  I purchased this rosary and am well pleased with it. The fact that it has soil from Bethlehem makes it more special to me. I received it quickly. <end>  very nice  I bought this for my son's First Communion and we were pleased with it. It is good quality, attractive, and unique. <end>  breaks ALL THE TIME!  I've owned it for about a week now, and I've already had to repair it no less than 5 times. At first, I chalked it up to my 2-year-old being a little rough with it and put it back together with needle-nose pliers... but when it broke several times during prayer (when I was doing nothing but mindlessly fingering each bead), I realized that the rosary is just not meant to be used.Bottom line  the rosary looks nice, but if you'll be using it frequently, I would definitely recommend finding one more durable. <end>  excellent product  The rosary was most pleasing, excellent quality, and an excellent price. Packaging was more than adequate. I will buy again. <end>  Looks nice but needs constant care.  I would not buy this unless you are using it for a looker and not going to use it. I had to constantly fix it, as it was breaking all the time. It finally broke where it was not repairable. Now I have the cross on a separate chain and it looks nice, but I really liked the rosary. Oh well. Time to go shopping for another. It took less than a month for this to wear out. <end>  Looks nice but buyer beware  The item looks nice upon arrival and was packaged well. However, within minutes the beads started to fall off as the string broke. I dont think I'd pay this much again for something so cheap. As of now, I have the cross hanging on a piece of twine and I've thrown away the beads. <end>  This is the Rosary for YOU!!!!  When I saw this rosary, I really wanted to get it, but was discouraged by the price. Gratefully, I read that its made w/ the soil from Bethlhem. Unfortunately, the picture on Amazon doesn't do it justice, it looks more beautiful in person. Trust me, you won't be disappointed with this purchase. This is my first rosary, and I couldn't have chosen better than this, and you can't either  -) <end>  So nice I got another one!  I bought one for my dad who couldn't say enough about the quality, lovely silver embellishments, sturdy chain and beautiful beads. It would be a treasure any time but it is an especially wonderful gift for someone Catholic at Christmas or Easter. The Olive branch is a symbol of abundance, glory, peace and steadfastness. I ordered another which was also enthusiastically received. <end>  It is what it is  There's not much you can say about this. What you see is exactly what you get. There very light and flimsy. I They were useful enough for a fashion statement. <end>  Beautiful rosary beads!  I purchased these for my nephew's first holy communion. They made a really nice gift. Glad that I bought him something for such a memorable day. <end>  Beautiful wooden rosary  I purchsed this product for a school project. I needed something that look like it might have come through Ellis Island. The rosary was actually quite beautiful. We will be using it far beyond the project. The rosary arrived as promised through Amazon Prime. I would buy from theis company again. <end>  olive wood rosary beads with soil  These rosary beads are nice but one of the links needs repair. It needs tightening. Otherwise, no complaints about this product. <end>  Olive Wood Rosary  These were accuratly described. They are being given as gifts. Therefore, I have not used them. They seem to be of average construction. They do look good. <end>  Wonderful Gift!  I love this rosary. It has so much meaning, have gotten many compliments on the first week of purchasing it.   ) <end>  Beautiful Rosary  I sent this as a gift to my sister. It arrived quickly, and my sister, an agnostic, was struck by how beautiful the rosary is and how well made. <end>  Very nice  I could see the quality work in this rosary. I was pleased when I opened the container and I could immediately smell olive wood. There was only one thing buyers need to be aware of when buying this item that wasn't mentioned in the description. The Holy Land Sand is present in a compartment on the rosary. In my opinion, this adds to the quality of the rosary so I'm not sure why the seller didn't describe this fact. I'll be looking for more items from this seller. <end>  beautiful rosary  The rosary was very beautiful. Made a great gift to a friend. Shipping time was excellant. <end>  The Holy Soil Bait-and-Switch  Look, I collect rosaries from around the world with the intensity of a little old Polish granny on a caffeine bender following her 16th consecutive novena to Our Lady of the Perilous Mountain Peaks of Preschtikowwenovna, or wherever. I know my bead-quality, and while holy soil from Jerusalem may be every bit as innately sanctified as holy soil from Bethlehem, this product promised me soil specifically from the vicinity of the Virgin Birth, and what I received was a rosary with a soil-filled medallion that said &#34;Jerusalem&#34;. I don't know about you, but I don't like mixing my Bethlehem and Jerusalem dirt-samples. Particularly when you claim to be sending me dirt from Baby Jesus' Birthplace, which is why I wanted it. I already have an olive-wood rosary from Jerusalem. Six of them, to be exact. I wanted Bethlehem soil in this set of beads. Oh yeah, my Bethlehem-soil rosary (from Jerusalem) came with a &#34;Certificate of Authenticity.&#34; It was a business-card that said  &#34;This is authentic.&#34; Oh well. The rosary itself was was competently crafted and sturdy. I don't know about other complaints here, regarding shoddy workmanship. My rosary was lovely and fine. I mean, I wouldn't swing from a bridge while holding onto it for dear life, but it can certainly be used to keep your Hail Marys in proper sequence. It also smelled very olive oily, which was nice. The problem is, the holy soil is clearly not from Bethlehem, as advertised, which renders the certificate of authenticity inauthentic, in this case. The holy soil could hail from Hoboken, New Jersey, for all I know. Therefore, if you're picky about wanting your holy soil to come from the place they claim your holy soil is going to come from, give this product a second thought. Otherwise, nice rosary for the price. Just don't use it to dangle yourself from the window of a skyscraper, or try to lasso cattle with it, and it ought to hold up nicely. <end>  Perfect  When my grandson of 15 saw my rosary he said "Granma, this makes me feel happy in my heart" so off to Amazon to find him one of his own. He Loves it. Even though he is not Catholic as I am he feels the genuine love of God. Yep we love our new rosary <end>  Beautiful, Beautiful, Rosary  This is one of the most beautiful rosarys I have seen. The smoothness and color of the beads is so translucent looking that it almost looks like glass. The workmanship is excellent and the details are beautiful. A truly beautiful piece to own. <end>  A very nice piece  I'm not Catholic. I bought this rosary for my nun costume for Halloween. It arrived fast and it's very sturdy. I also bought the matching olive wood box to keep it in. <end>  wood rosary  Had some trouble with links comming upart but for the price it is a beautifully crafted Rosary. <end>  Excellent  The product was exactly whayt I was looking for, and arrived very quickly. Much better than another seller I used on Amazon. <end>  Nice, but a little worrisome...  Very nice on the whole. But how do I know for sure that the dirt ACTUALLY came from the Holy Land and not just from some guy's back yard? Also, the cross is a little small for my taste. Here's what I'd suggest to the manufacturer  double the size of the cross, and halve the size of the dirt capsule. <end>  feels cheap  it just feels cheap, the metal is extremely thin. the whole piece is extremely light, and it is much smaller then it looks. will be looking for a better rosary for the project i am doing <end>  Beautiful!  This rosary is absolutely gorgeous! I keep it in its original box, and only bring it out for prayer. It's very delicate, so its not meant for regular use. To keep it in one piece, I suggest keeping it in the box when not in use. <end>
 B000B5MFCK  Peach Pink Cultured Pearl Leather Lariat Necklace w. Heart Shaped Silver Slider ||	  pearl leather lariat review  necklace is very pretty,true to photo, however clasp is rather small and can be "finicky".Overall I am more than satisfied with the necklace and plan to get alot of use out it. <end>
 B000B5MY1M  Key to My Heart Silver Charm Cultured Pearl Bracelet, Lavender ||	  Bracelet, Pretty Happy  I loved the bracelet. It was for my daughter, her first "real" piece of jewelry. However, it's a baby bracelet, not childrens which it says in the title. Luckily, I'm a pretty experienced jeweler myself, so I was able to disassemble it and rebuild large enough to fit her (she's only 10 but it was waaaaay too small originally). She loved it, and I was able to make her a pair of matching earrings to go with it. All in all, we were very satisfied, but others might not be if they are expecting it to fit a child above the age of 1. I think it would be wise to change the title to "baby bracelet" though. Even the packaging that comes with it, states "baby bracelet" not children's. <end>
 B000B5OA6Y  Lavender AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (LS1R2) ||	  Disappointed  My wife liked the Dahlia necklace I got her last year so much, that I ordered her another one this year. Very disappointed! First of all it was shorter than 16 inches, so it didn't fit as I expected. Plus, the color wasn't that impressive. Almost looked white. Needless to say, this will be the last Dahlia Christmas pearl necklace. What a shame  ( <end>
 B000B5OF1E  Silver Deco Rose Drop Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  Prettier from the back than from the front  I ordered these earrings and a couple other pieces from Dahlia to wear with my mother-in-law's pink pearl necklace on my wedding day. When I put them in all the women who were helping me get ready voted they looked better when I put them in backwards so a silver stem was showing versus the detail on the front. So that is how I wore them the day of the wedding. In all the earrings worked well and I would buy from Dahlia again. <end>  Good quality, price  I was very pleased with this item. The color was very good and the detail excellent. It was of very good quality for the price. Delivery was also excellent. <end>  cute rose beads  I like the rose beads the best. Good price for real pearls and silver. <end>
 B000B5PE1Y  Charm Clip - P24 - T-Shirt ~ Pink ||	  So cute  Bought this for my charm necklace. I was looking for something quick and easy to put on. The clasp makes all the difference. No need to bring it to a jeweler to fasten the charm. Great deal. <end>
 B000B5QEGS  Isabella Silver Rose Twin 9-10mm Cultured Pearl Drops Necklace - Various Colors ||	  Fell apart in less then 4 hours  Returned for refund. The first time worn it didn't last 4 hours before one of the stones fell off, then the clasp ring fell off. This is a real piece of junk! <end>
 B000B5RMKA  Bracelet - B303 - Crystal Triple Diamond - Designer Inspired - Adjustable Jelly Band ~ Red ||	  Wanted the Crystal Triple Diamond mostly  I bought this bracelet for the crystal triple diamond so I could put it on the twisted red cord necklace. <end>
 B000B62UIS  14k White Gold, 3-Stone, Teardrop Pendant (1/2 cttw, I Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  Awesome Wife Pleaser  This piece of jewelry more than made my Wife's Day. A must buy for Husbands with needy wives. <end>
 B000B66OIA  Sterling Silver "Dream" Pendant, 18" ||	  Worth it!  I bought this necklace as a gift for my friend and she absolutely loves it. It's a beautiful necklace, and did not have any scratches on it. Great gift for yourself or someone else and shines well. I ordered it 1 day overnight and got it the next day. Very great gift! <end>  Poor Quality  I ordered this as a gift and had to return it. The silver was poor quality and had markings on it that I could not remove. <end>
 B000B69T2S  Sterling Silver 10mm Vitrail Medium Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Not quite what I thought.  Earrings are pretty, but look cheap and very flimsy. I know they are supposed to be delicate, but they are not what they appear to be from the picture. <end>  color  I like the earrings, but because of the iridescence they do not look this same color green in person. They shine a pinky-green.though still pretty, they just don't match what I intended them for. <end>  Strangely Unique  If you like the unique, these earrings are for you. The color is green, but they are irridescent. They go with things in a stand-out way; but they are not too big or too small. I recommend them if you like intense color. <end>  great earrings @ great price  I found this site to be very accurate about product information, and they had many great buys. I only wish they charged less for shipping. These particular earrings are very noticeable and I have already gotten a lot of compliments and questions from potential shoppers <end>  Beautiful Sparkle  I wanted a modest token of affection for our 7th year wedding anniversary. These earings and a green crystal pendant worked nicely. The earings are a decent size, not to heavy or droopy. <end>  Very Nice  After searching Amazon for the perfect dangle earring, I have to say for the price this is it. For me these earrings are perfect, they are casual enough to wear everyday and still dressy enough to wear with a black dress. For a girl with a low budget this is a great buy, and I even purchased two more pairs in different colors. The only con I found was that they are a bit smaller than expected, and for me the best part of this earring is the clasp. <end>
 B000B6CSIU  SCER035 Sterling Silver Sensational Clear AB Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Dangle earrings  Nice earrings to go with the matching swarovski pendent. Look great both day and evening. A lot of sparkle with out the cost of real diamonds. <end>  Beautiful earrings!!  This is the 2nd pair of earrings that I have purchased from Gem Ave. They are very beautiful and great craftsmanship. Also fast shipping. I reccommend Gem Ave for all of your earring needs. <end>  Beautiful earrings  I bought these earrings for my daughter. She loves sparkly jewelry and these really sparkle in the light and seem like a prism reflecting all the colors. <end>  Swarvoski Crystal earrings  Very Beautiful, reflective. Looka great deal more expensive than theywere. <end>  sparkle  I love the sparkle of these earrings. The crystal is very good at picking up colors that are nearby and reflecting it into ever-changing glitter. They go with everything and stay put thanks to the leverback. You can't beat the price either. Definitely a great gift idea. Amy <end>  Crystals & earrings  My Daughter really does like all her cyrstals that I have bought for her here on your web site. Thank you for having them & mailing from your site so I do not have to pay for 2 mailing prices. <end>  Sparkly!  These match a pendant I have and are very pretty. They catch the light in many different ways. <end>  Lovely Earrings  I bought the earrings to go with the matching pendant. They are very lovely. I know I will enjoy them for a long time. <end>  Sparkling wonders  These crystal earrings are extremely sparkly and attractive. While they may appear yellowish in the box, take them out and see how they look in different lighting conditions. I find that they constantly change color and are quite eye-catching. They look particularly nice with the matching pendant which I also bought. My niece loved the entire set. <end>  A nice compliment to the bracelet  The earrings, like the braelet or so much for so little money. This is a great item and my mom loves em. Mother's day is the best this year <end>  STUNNING!  Bought these as an Xmas gift for my daughter but now I want a pair myself. Secure leverbacks in silver that doesn't irritate skin. The crystals are stunning! I plan to order a pair for myself as well as a couple of other styles for my daughter. I was pleasantly surprised by the VALUE for these beautiful earrings! <end>  Definitely recommend  Absolutely gorgeous earrings. I get compliments almost daily about them. Have even had a few people order a pair for themselves. I would recommend the earrings to anyone. <end>  Beautiful crystal earrings!  The earrings came quickly - I've never bought this shape before (arrow head) but I was happily surprised! Sometimes they're the most beautiful gold. Most of my other crystal earrings are blue/purple, etc. We like them so much (and the back clasp) that my Mother and I fight over them. (Christmas, we'll have to buy another set!) <end>  earrings  The process time for the order for these earrings was great- received them within 4 days. I was rather disappointed by the color- it was not as pictured and did not go with the other pieces I ordered to wear with them. They actually are yellow. <end>  Catches the light & the eye!  Love these earrings! I received 2 compliments on them the 1st time I wore them. They'll go w/ anything, can wear dressed up or dressed down, and they really catch the eye. Light really catches them too. They were a tad bit smaller than I expected but no big deal. This is my 4th pair of earrings from Gem Ave and I must say they have great service, nice products, and reasonable prices. Received all items promptly & very satisfied. <end>  Beautiful earrings.  These earrings are pale/clear aurora tint and catch the light very well. They look good on as well. They hang nicely and match any collection of colored pendants or necklaces. Thank You again. <end>  gorgeous  The item is gorgeous. yes, they are delicate but usually the more beautiful something the more delicate. Sturdy enough, but simply gorgeous <end>  Great value  These swarovski earrings are very pretty and sparkle with color in the light. I like the lever backs. A great value for the price. <end>  Good gift  I bought it to send it as a birthday gift. So far, gifted person seems to be happy with it and it saved my day to choose gift. <end>  cute & fun earrings  these earrings are cute & fun - you could wear them dressy or casual - they're light-weight so they're gentle on the ears <end>  Not painted, nor yellow  I recently bought these earrings for my wife, and some of the reviews that talk about them being painted and yellow almost scared me away. I am very happy to say that those reviews are not very accurate, and I will explain why. First, the backs are not painted; they have been dulled, slightly, which increased the reflective nature of the front. There is no paint involved. Second, they only appear yellow under dominantly yellow lighting, such as most people have in their homes. This is also why the dulled surface on the back would look yellow. They are clear, and reflect colors with a prism effect, just like any other cut crystal. Take these outside where the light is evenly distributed between the color spectrum, and you'll be dazzled by the colors. Long story short, don't blame the CLEAR crystal for your own lighting. If you take the time to really examine these earrings, I think you'll be very pleased, as I was when I gave them to my wife. <end>  Beautiful  These earring were so beautiful, that I had to go and buy other items from Gem Avenue! They seem to absorb colours from around them, intensify them and shine them right back out at you!I bought these ones as a gift, I'll definitely buy a pair for myself after the holidays, I was almost tempted to keep these ones for myself! <end>  Lovely earring  This earring is genuine swarovski. I have purchased what was supposed to be swarovski crystal from another seller and it does not have the true glitter as this one does. This pair picks up the light from all angles, the other one does not.It is truly beautiful. <end>  Light, sparkly, somewhat tacky  The earrings were delivered on time, but I was surprised to see the color of them to be anything but blue. Like the first reviewer said, they are "painted" in the back with a gold paint so that it shines through the crystal, reflecting the light. My pair of earrings mostly reflect green light with some yellow and red, not blue. Also, they look sort of big and tacky and cheap, not something I expected of Swarovsky product. But I like the silver lever backs, they look delicate enough, and the earring itself is very light weight and comfortable to wear. I would not wear them on the regular basis, they are cheap looking, but the sparkle is quite intense, so I suppose I will put them on occasionally for, like a carnival night? All in all, they look a little better on the picture that in life, and are a little too cheap looking for my taste. But I can not say I hate them though. They are not my favorite, but they are cheap enough not to feel ripped off or expect too much. <end>  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  I read all these nice reviews and had a good impression of these earrings. I should NEVER have bought these!! They look NOTHING like the picture. If you get these earrings you will be setting yourself up to be disappointed. They look cheap and tacky, like something you pay 25 cents for out of a gum ball machine. <end>  Thin crystal  Okay, I may be picky, but these earrings are just too thin! I get the idea of delicate, sparkly things, but these don't look so much delicate as they do insubstantial. They are pretty and sparkly, but the crystal looks like all I could afford was a thin slice. The picture also makes the crystals appear blue-ish, but mine are more of a yellow-ish tint. Not what I expected. <end>  Leverback Earrings  I liked the Crystal Earrings first because of the Leverbacks. Second, they were beautiful.. so beautiful I bought two more pair. <end>  stunning  I really enjoy these beautiful earrings because everytime i wear them they take on a different color. The first time I wore them I had on a coral shirt. The earrings picked up that hue and I had many of my customers (I manage a clothing store) aske me where i found earrings to match that color of coral. Service was very quick, no hassles, no problems. Just the way it should be when you order online. <end>  Swarovski Crystal Earrings  I ordered these earrings as a birthday gift for a friend about a week before Christmas. They were shipped quickly. My friend was delighted. The earrings were beautiful. The way they glittered had us all mesmerized by their beauty. The earrings were exactly as pictured and were shipped as indicated. They were also received in the time period indicated. <end>  nice earrings  I am enjoying these earrings especially since I'm allergic to most metals and these are very comfortable. Good value for the money. <end>  nice!!  the earrings are nice. perfect if you like a little bling but not too much attention. it looks classic and you could wear them from day to night. i hope they last because i just got them  ) the real thing does not have the blue sparkle that the picture has. <end>  Just the right amount of bling!!  These earrings are beautiful...lots of sparkle and different colors, so they go with any outfit...casual or dressy. The leverbacks are very comfortable to wear and the earrings are light as feathers, and the perfect size. The way the crystals catch the light is what I like best. When I first opened the box, I gasped with delight because they are so much more gorgeous in person. I am thrilled with this purchase!! <end>  Pretty, but not as pictured  SCER035 Sterling Silver Sensational Clear AB Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski ElementsI purchased these (mine were from Fabulous International Inc fulfilled by Amazon) expecting them to look like the product picture, especially since a recent reviewer was so adamant that they did not have yellow backing and did not look yellow (in Amazon's product page, the earrings are crystal clear with a gorgeous heart of light blue at the center)The earrings which I received certainly did have a goldish-yellow backing; and in no light could they ever possibly have any kind of blue colour, indoors or out. I had thought that in a worst case they would look like the user-posted photos, but because there is such a wide variety of conditions and cameras and camera phones, those appeared a dark gold, whereas wherever I wear mine, they appear a daffodil yellow in any light and no matter what colours with which I wear them.They have a very beautiful lightly-balanced delicate-looking closed clasp, and the earrings hang nicely. Rather than having the smooth teardrop outline in the picture, they have little curves and points in the outline, more similar to some other differently-coloured earrings on Amazon's pages.If the earrings had been described accurately, I would have given them 5 out of 5. But since it was a real disappointment that they were not translucent using mainly facets to reflect the light and not getting the beautiful blue of the pictures (nor even the dark gold of the user photo), and the shape was not as presented, I have to put them down to just 3 out of 5.In short, the earrings I received are very pretty, and I am fierce about keeping them (despite normally returning items which are not as advertised), but they are not what is advertised. <end>  cheap  Light weight, very cheap. I was underwhelmed. They are NOT sterling silver, only plated. Have already started to bother my ears. Never buying earrings from Amazon again. <end>  Earrings  Nice earrings, good length , can wear for any occasion. Many people have commented on them and told me how much they like them. <end>  bit larger than we expected  These earrings were a bit larger than we expected. They look just like the picture with a nice depth to the strong, clear color. This item is a gift that the recipient wills definitely be able to wear everyday. <end>  Swarovski earring's they are beautyful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  These are the most beautyful earring I have ever seen they have a shine like nothing I have ever seen the color's are beautyful as they twirll every way you turn it is a different color's soooooooooo pretty would look good with every thing. this is another Just Because gifthint hint.but all kidding they are lovely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Disappointing.  I have some genuine Swarovski earrings that a friend who is a jewelry maker gave to me. These look like glass in comparison. They do not pick up or reflect any colors whatsoever. The facets all line up, but they are definitely NOT the real thing. <end>  Genuine Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Earrings  I do love my new clear Genuine Swarovski Crystal leverback dangle earrings,they are exactly what I wanted and was even better than the photoon line.I am a happy customer and I'll be sure to oreder again from Amazon. <end>  reflections  I was a little disappointed in the size and shape of the earrings. They are more flat than round. And I thought they would be heavier. But I'll wear them anyway. <end>  Not that great  It is little Less than OK. Rating 2 is most appropriate for this kind of product. <end>  So much better than the picture  This is my second purchase from Gem Avenue because I realized that the pictures of these crystals just do not do justice to how truly beautiful they are. I purchased the matching necklace and have had 7 people ask me for a link so they could buy them for themselves or as a gift. I can't wait to go shopping again for more Swarovski Crystals from this vendor. <end>  Swarvoski Earrings  Earrings look really nice. Came really quickly in a nice box. Colors are amazing. Looked yellowish under indoor lighting, but when I went outside the colors of the rainbow popped out! <end>  Nice gift  To buy these earrings as a gift for my friend's wedding was a great idea. She liked them and this present gave her an idea of buying another ones. Earrings for a special occassion. <end>  these crystals rock  I love Swarovski crystals. and anything that is a leverbacked earing makes it easy to keep insurted for a long period of time.you don't have to worry about it coming out of your ear before you are ready to remove it. <end>  Swarovski- always a good choice  These earrings are very pretty as they reflect and show off like you would not believe!!!......Love the shape. Was thinking of giving them as a gift and decided I needed them more. Love them <end>  excellent  Was very pleased with the earrings. They came very quickly and looked great -- just as expected based on the pictures. <end>  Very nice  Bought these for my wife and she loved them. Very sparkly in the light and catches your eye every time. Great value for quality jewelry. <end>  beautiful gift  I bought this as a gift. The order came quickly and in nice packaging. The product was beautiful and a deal! <end>  disillusioned  I was mislead by the Swarovski name these are not Swarovski standard. I also planned on giving them as a gift but have decided I would be embarrassed to do so.The earring actually fell apart when I removed it from the bag. <end>  Gorgeous earrings.  These go perfectly together with the matching pendant I previously reviewed. These things sparkle so brilliantly when the light hits them. I can't wait to buy several more pairs of these in different colours so my girlfriend can glow everyday.I am now officially a fan of Swarovski crystal. <end>  Good!!!  The packing was nice, the earings were nice too, except they look more yellowish than the blue as in the picture, but all-in-all its a good buy. <end>  I feel so pretty....!  Very cute earrings, great price, and I always feel a little more &#34;dressed up&#34; when I wear them. Love them! <end>  Really nice  Wish it was more blue than yellow but it still looks like nice crystal. I liked the price but I reluctantly paid postage <end>  Gorgeous  These earrings are absolutely beautiful! The sparkle is intense, and although I've only had them for a few days, I've worn them often and received compliments each time. <end>  Sensational Clear Crystal earrings  I do not like these earrings. The earrings are not clear. The color is a very odd shade of yellowishgold. Not Sensational Clear Crystal earrings! <end>  love them  They are really beautiful,they sparkle and are made very well They are for a friends birthday.I have something like them and she loves them. <end>  Gorgeous  Amazing sparkle, brilliance and the dangle brings out the best of both. The only thing I might add is that they do not really have the blue and purple lights as shown in the photo but are more golden, but still gorgeous. I have had so many compliments that I want to wear them all the time! <end>  Lovely earrings  I thought these were just beautiful. They catch every bit of light and SPARKLE! Very easy to order and arrived in lightening speed <end>  Beautiful earrings  These are really nice earrings and sparkle in the light and wear really well. They do not hurt your ears <end>  Crystal earrings  I haven't worn the earrings yet, but I have an upcoming cruise and plan to wear them on the formal evening dinner. They really are very pretty, and sparkly. rita <end>  Now my everyday earrings!  I read the majority of the reviews. I was apprehensive when I read that they were "arrowhead shaped". They are, but they are not "totaly" flat (front to back) They are not a full tear drop either. See the pendant that matches and you will get a better picture of what the earring shape is. I would describe it as a "pillowed out" arrowhead shape.If you like blue and you are picking these out because of the picture, don't. Find some that say they are blue. These do reflect a sparkle of all colors with the majority colors of amber and yellow at the center of the earring, because of the reflection off of your skin and the indoor lighting. Outside they reflect all colors. They are great daily ware earrings. They go with everything and aren't too fancy for jeans. They are very eye catching but not "too fancy" and they are not tiny or too big. The size in the ladies photo is acurrate to where the earring will fall from the ear.For the shape see this productSterling Silver Multi Faceted Swarovski Crystal Pendant <end>  Disappointed and returned them  These earings are beautiful if you want the color to be more of a gold/yellow than a blue. They were very sparkly and well made; however, I just didn't like the color, expecially when I was expecting blue and lavender colors. They are definitely not clear. <end>  earrings  Gorgeous. Pic doesn't do it justice. Color changes with the color of the background. <end>  Clear swarovski earrings  Sensational! Fire and ice! Colors change in the sunlight. Gem Avenue creates very high end products at affordable prices. My wife couldn't be happier. <end>  Eye catchers!!!  I can't say anything but BEAUTIFUL! I've come to like leverback earrings the best. They are so comfortable, you forget you are wearing them until someone comments on how pretty they are! The entire experience of buying these was great! Will not be buying from JTV anymore!!! <end>  Very Clean  I was concerned after reading some of the less favorable reviews. I was also aware that they would not be blue. I was impressed when I opened the box. The crystals reflect the colors of its environment. The clear crystal with the silver makes these look very clean. The size is appropriate and my daughter loves them. Worth the money. <end>  Not like they are displayed  These have a lot of sparke to them, however, they are not the color that they appear on the page. They are yellowish and I was very unhappy about that. I contacted the seller and they made a nice offer to remedy the problem. They are pretty though if you have something in that color palette to wear. <end>  Not so pretty in regular lighting  These are okay, but beware of color changes in lighting...On their own, these are very pretty and inexpensive. However, when they reflect incandescent light they change color dramatically for the worse.I read the reviews before I purchased, so I knew the problems others reported with the color - I took a chance. They were right. It is not the crystal itself, that is clear - I checked in sunlight and in a sunlight-spectrum light. The back is not "painted" - you can see right through it, but it is a matte appearance.Unfortunately, you are not going to wear this type of earring on a bright sunny day. You are going to want to wear them to evening parties, in dim/indoor light.Yep, mine reflect predominantly yellow light in regular use. I don't look good in yellow.....do you? <end>  Dazzling earrings  Absolutely beautiful. Purchased for wife for birthday along with pendant.She fell in love with them immediately. <end>  Lovely.  These earrings are quite nice, they aren't too big, they aren't gaudy looking, they have a lot of fire, and the sterling silver leverbacks mean that they won't corrode on some ears. The backs of the earrings aren't painted, if you look a little closer you'll notice that they have a kind of matte finish on the back which help to reflect light, making more sparkle. Also, these earrings reflect the colors that shine on it, meaning that inside, if you wear them in rooms lit with incandescent light, they will mostly reflect the yellow light that signs on them, if you wear them in sunshine or white light, they'll reflect all colors of light. <end>  Beautiful earrings  The earrings are beautiful! I like the quality of the earrings and the sparkle. They are lightweight, which I like and the delivery was extremely good! <end>  Clear Swarovski Leverback earrings  The earrings have a nice sparkle, but do not appear as blue/ turquoise as they do in the photo. They were given as a birthday gift, with the matching pendant to a teen who I do not know well, but my daughter states that her friend has worn the set since she received it. <end>  Gorgeous  These are the most beautiful earrings, even more beautiful on than in the photo. The photo makes them look beautiful but having them is even better. I purchased them and love them, they are not only great for all attire but fabulous with an evening gown or anything dressy. These will even bring out a pair of jeans. I must get the pendant! <end>  WOW - I'm blind by the Sparkle  These earrings are so beautiful. When I opened the box, the sparkle jumped out to me. I literally said "OH YES!!!!" I work in a uniform that is all black and wanted something to stand out from that - well this is IT!!!!Don't pass up these up.Maggie - Racine, WI <end>  BEAUTIFUL!  This is a quality item! The sparkle is amazing and I have received MANY compliments when wearing it. I plan on buying more to give as gifts. Absolutely beautiful! <end>  Clear Crystal Earrings  Bought these as a gift for my mom and she loved them. As another reviewer said, the color does not look as it does in the photo, they are more yellowish, but they were still very pretty. Something to make you feel sparkley! Gem Avenue has great prices and ships really quickly! <end>  Acceptable but not as expected  The earrings are in good shape and shining. The only problem is I expect them to be blue and white in colour. It turns out to be golden yellow and I am quite disappointed with this point. The yellow tone makes them difficult to match with most make-up and clothing. But they do go well with bright earth yellow blouse. <end>  Fabulous Earrings  These were more then I hoped for. Just absolutely beautiful. They were a gift and my daughter loves them. Very nice quality. <end>  pretty for casual wear  Earrings are very pretty, but not so much as appears in picture. As others have said, they appear yellowish. they are nice for casual wear, but would not be apropriate for a more formal event. Earrings have nice secure closures. Overall I would purchase them again <end>  Pleased with product and service  The product was as advertised, high quality and the delivery service was prompt. Would recommend this seller. <end>  Great Earrings!  I bought these earrings to match a pendant I recently purchased..925 Sterling Silver Multi Faceted Clear AB Swarovski Crystals PendantThey were all purchased to match a yellow dress for formal night on a cruise. I'm glad I did because these are beautiful just like the pendent. Just like the pendent they were also very affordable, and arrived well packaged and fast. The earrings are a good size (what looks to be a 3rd the size of the pendent), the same design as the pendent, which is fairly large. I haven't worn them yet but they are silver with leverbacks and they appear to be of very good quality. The rings that connect the crystals to the leverbacks go through a hole cut in the crystal, just in case that isn't noticeable in the product picture. The earrings have a type of metalish, colorful, material on the back. Probably to help the crystals capture color. I don't think this would be a problem because with the design of the earrings it looks as though they will remain facing the intended direction. It might be a problem for someone with very short hair, if people are admiring the earrings from behind. The backs of the earrings are not bad, just not crystalish, they have like a shiny, non see through finish. The earrings also appear to shine more yellow/goldish then anything else. I haven't worn them yet so I don't know if this will change or not but I read reviews that say the colors change to match the colors reflected by the outfit they are worn with. All in all this is a great deal and I would recommend these earrings and the seller. <end>  Don't care for these.  They lost their luster soon after purchasing them and the size is a little too big. I never wear them anymore. <end>  Perfect  When I ordered these as a gift for my girlfriend I didn't know what to expect. I got them extremely fast and they are perfect. They holds on the ear perfect and their colour is very strange, white with shining blue. This atcracts my eye. <end>  Good value for the price  These are very pretty, wear anytime earrings. They reflect a variety of colors, primarily yellow due to the "gold" plated backside. This gives them more of a citrine color; not the blue seen in the photo.Overall, I think they are a good value for the money, and fun to wear! <end>  Brilliant Treasure  I purchased these earrings as a gift for my neices to give to their mom for Christmas. They are beautiful earrings that capture light from any angle and my sister raves about them every time she has them on around me. These earrings made more of an impression on her than the iPad her husband got her. My sister just seems to glow when she wears them and I was worried she wouldn't like them because she's very picky about her jewelry.I more than highly recommend these! <end>  Bright and sparkley  I was looking for earrings for my daughter's birthday and when I saw these Swarovski Crystal earrings I had to get them. They sparkled so beautifullythat I had to go and buy other items from Gem Avenue! They seem to absorb colors from all around them, intensify them and shine them right back out at you! I will be buying some more items when it is time for my oldest daughter's birthday. I am very pleased with what I have purchased and will definitely tell my friends and family about Gem Avenue. <end>  Great Earrings!  These earrings are prettier in person! They really capture the light and different shades. You can wear them to dress up an outfit or everyday. I have received numerous compliments on them. I love them! <end>  Pretty and sparkly  I wore these for the first time yesterday. I was very excited, as they had been delayed in the snow storm last week, and put them on for a chorus practice. It didn't take long before I got complements for how pretty they were.I was a little bit disappointed when I got them, as they didn't dangle 1.25" off the ear, it's the entire length of the earring. I don't blame anyone but myself, because I misunderstood.They do sparkle quite a lot, and are very light in the ear. I could hardly feel I was wearing them. However, I did feel tingling in my right ear, which I was not so happy about. But I can hardly blame anyone for my being sensitive. I have since purchased the same in pink, so I'm happy with my purchase. <end>  Georgous!  I bought these earrings as a gift for a friend of mine along with another kind. I let her choose and she went for these. The picture doesn't do them justice. They are not blue though but reflect the colors of their surroundings. I bought one pair for me as well by the way after my friend got hers. <end>  Beautiful Earrings!  Excellent seller--earrings were delivered on time and are BEAUTIFUL!!!SCER035 Sensational Clear AB Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.25" Long Dangle Earrings <end>  Wonderful!  Excellent birthday present for my daughter from my son. Thank yu - fast delivery, lovely errings. <end>  too yellow  These were quite yellow in color when I received them. I wanted clear with colors these were disappointing due to the yellow/gold coloring, Some may like it. <end>  Lovely earrings!  This earrings were much larger than they seemed. They sparkle and catch the light like prisms. They made a fabulous present. <end>  simply beautiful  these are very pretty earrings. they sparkle in many colors and my girlfriend loves them. i could not recommend them more highly. <end>  Beautiful  Very beautiful,catches the light,wear them frequently with a neckless and 2 bracelets, have gotten many compliments from friends and family <end>  pretty but small  pretty but small these were very hard to get on and or off maybe a teenager would be able to wear these i couldn't <end>  WEARING THEM NOW  Since I got these wonderful earrings, I have not taken them off, i hope i can keep them forever!! the silver is wonderful quality and i love the fact that there not to big or gawdy <end>  These arrived damaged  These arrived &#34;stone only&#34; and no lever back fitting attached. I contacted Gem Avenue first who told me I had to contact Amazon. I did and they promptly issued a refund. I was disappointed since the stone was pretty. They would have made a pretty, dainty earring. <end>  Crystal Earrings  These earrings match the pendant I bought. They look really pretty together. They way they are cut.. they shine different colors. <end>  Clear AB Crysstal earrings  My daughter had lost a pair of earring that appeared to look like these in the picture. They were perfect and well made. The price was good. <end>  Not what is expected  I ordered these earings thinking I was getting a traditional aurora boreales look in swarovski crystal earings, instead they have a golden finish on the back and they only glimmer golden lights. Not what I was looking for and not as pictured. The picture shows all the hues of the traditional aurora boreales crystal. Sending them back. <end>  It says it is Swarovski, but no proof of it  I bought these earrings along with the pair for my daughter (SCER168 Butterfly Lavender Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver 1" Long Post Drop Earrings) because it says they are Swarovski. But when I received them, they look cheap and I really doubt that they are authentic Swarovski. Kind of felt being cheated. If the seller can approve they are authentic, I am willing to take back this review. <end>  Love them  Got great compliments from my husband for it. It has more shades of Yellow than blue - buy largely depends on what light environment your in. The picture of how it look - perfect - Thanks for that pic. <end>  I love these Earrings  These earrings are beautiful. They sparkle and gletter. They are light weight and go with everything, a welcome addition. <end>  Not what I expected  Expected these to be blue in color, they are yellow. Look like they came from a gumball machine. <end>  Not like the picture  I was really disappointed in these earrings. I bought two pairs for gifts and now I don't even know if I should give them. They are so yellow looking and seem cheap. I am regretting my purchase. <end>  Not so nice  The earrings looked so pretty in the picture. In real life, they look cheap. They look like plastic, not like crystal. Very disappointed. <end>  Order not received - seller would not help  Product shipped via US postal service; earring was not received. Contacted seller product was shipped with just notice of delivery per postal service earrings were deliver, which means that they were put in my mail box. I have never had anything stolen before. but when i emailed Gem Avenue, I was given tracking number and told to contact postal service. I was told by the postal service that earrings was not sent insured, so that I could not file a claim with them and that will delivery only once it was put in the mail box there was nothing they could do for me. Gem Avenue was not interested in helping me from the first time I contacted them. The first reply from Gem Avenue - The tracking number for this order is 9101148008600468747244. Please contact your local post office regarding this issue. The second reply from Gem Avenue - Item was never received; postal service shows that it was delivered. Please file claim with postal service. Please think twice before buying from this company. <end>  good for the money  I bought these as a gift for a young girl who loves things that sparkle, and these earrings fit the bill! Are they of the best quality, no. Do they look like Swarovski, no. Were they a good price for what you get, yes. I'm not sure what people are expecting for $15. If you want the clarity and color that you get from genuine Swarovski crystals then you should shell out the $70+ for earrings directly from them. <end>  Very pretty earrings  These earrings are very pretty and look great in person. Although I do believe they're much more gold/green rather then the blue shown in the picture. But they seem very well made and I've received numerous compliments while wearing them. <end>  Pretty earrings!  These earrings are more lovely inreality than picture shown. They gowith just about any outfit and theswarovski crystals sparkle in anylighting. They are a great value. <end>  This plus the matching pendant was great!  I bought this for my wife for her birth day and she loves it. I recommend it to all! <end>  Swarovski crystal earrings  I bought thes earrings(and pendant)for myself. They are absolutely beautiful, they have so much shine and sparkle to them. Everyone keeps asking me where i got them, i'm reluctant to tell but I do.  -) <end>  One Happy Fiance!  I bought these as a gift for my beautiful fiance for Christmas. At first she wasn't overly impressed, but when she put them on (to humour me) she found them very pretty, and unusual. The crystals really reflect the light, and she was extremely pleased with them. <end>  Beautiful Earrings!  I bought two pairs, one as a gift for a sister-in-law and the other pair for myself (otherwise I would regret it!) Now my sister keeps complementing how beautuiful the earrings are- I bought another pair as a gift for her! The earrings are absolutely beautiful, the colors that reflect in the light are truly gorgeous. I recommend these for anyone that loves Swarovski crystal. <end>  earrings  I haven't actually taken these out of the package yet, but am sure I'll be pleased. I can't testify to paint on the back, but all the other items I bought from Gem Avenue have been great so I'm sure I'll be pleased with these also. Again, when I received them, they looked like ordinary non-colorful crystals, but need to get them into the light as I did the others I ordered for make sure. I think anyone would be happy with this jewelry. Thanks. <end>  Nice earrings  My girlfriend really likes these. They're good quality and attractive. I suspect she'll wear them often, but mostly when she dresses up. They do look fancy. <end>  Nice gift  Sent it to a friend as a gift, and she told me that she loved it a lot. Not sure whether it is just her appreciation, but I also like it from the picture. <end>  Not as eye catching as one would hope  Item arrived before the due date and well, it was described accurately. However, I would say pictures in HD would be a welcome addition to get a better idea what they look like. It had slipped my mind that they were Sterling Silver, I took them to a "silver shop" to get them replaced - they handed them back saying they were made of silver. Tough, they look cheap. Perhaps I'm too picky. I also ordered this lovely pendant which is much more elegant than the earrings[...]. They both look about the same shape, the blue is fantastic. <end>  ok  they look good, but are very different from the picture. ok, but expected much more for a 25$ value item <end>  catches the light ever so prettily,  and changes color like a kaleidoscope. i wish i had bought these for all my sisters. I purchased 6 earrings in different colors. The clear crystals were by far the best crystals... i like it! <end>  Not quite like the picture, but ok for the price.  To see these they don't much look like crystal to me. They have an opalescent appearance like they had some iridescent colors fused in them - but really they just pick up the color from whatever you are wearing. So that I guess is a plus - they will match whatever you wear with them.The clasps are solid, and these won't fall off easily which is a definite bonus.They are not as attractive as the photo though. I think the photo makes them look more "expensive looking" than they are in real life. That being said, I will still wear them from time to time. <end>  Quality  These leverbacks are so beautiful. I bought them for a gift and the quality is just wonderful. My daughter loves silver and these earrings just compliment silver in every way plus they pick up the color from your clothing to accent it. Very satisfied and would repurchase again from gem avenue. <end>  nice earrings  These earrings are gorgeous. However, in dim light they look orange and yellow. They are the blue and purple when the light is brighter. <end>  Beautiful Bargain!  These earrings are beautiful and you cannot beat the price! I wear them all the time! I am looking forward to purchasing many more items from Gem Avenue and would recommend this seller to everyone! <end>  Great  The only complaint is that they look yellowish ,not blue as inthe picture,but they are great and love this earrings <end>  Pretty for a teen  I bought these earrings and a matching pendant. They did not meet my standard, even for casual jewelry. Nice sparkle, but not very well made. I gave both the earrings and pendant to my 15 year-old daughter. She was very happy to inherit them. <end>  Classic and simple  I can put these in and leave them for days. They are comfortable, look good for office and look good for special events. Very flexible and always get lots of compliments! This is the second time I've bought these earrings and the only time I've actually replaced a pair of earrings that I've lost. <end>  i love music  these earrings are beautiful...they have a nice brilliance and color to it....almost the color of the rainbow...i would order from gem again...they have quick service....thankis <end>  Nice little earrings  My daughter got this for my wife on mother's day. My wife loved the shape and the colors. Thanks. <end>  GORGEOUS!!!  Came promptly, double packed. They are soooo pretty, I love them and get complements all the time. Would definitely look at this sellers products again <end>  GOOD AND BAD  THE EARRINGS ARE VERY PRETTY AND I LOVED THE SIZE. HOWEVER, I WAS TRYING TO MATCH THEM TO A NECKLACE. THESE HAD A ORANGY TONE TO THEM AND WOULD NOT MATCH. HAD TO SEND THEM BACK. <end>  Beautiful  I love these earrings but I only gave 4 stars because the color is not as shown in the picture. They have an amber glow to them more than a blue. I still wear them all the time. <end>  did not like  Was the wrong color I had imagined from site.....it was yellow and i had invisioned more clear crystal color. Could be in the description and I did not read correcrly. <end>  Nice earings  I was a little disappointed on how smal the crystals are. They almost fell like they are plastic. More yellow than I like, picture showed more blue. <end>  Great size and quality  With so much yellow on the back you don't get any of the blue, like in the picture, unless in direct sunlight. <end>  Yellow tint  It had a yellow tint to it that I wasn't expecting. Also looks a little cheap. Probably won't wear it much. <end>  ear rings  love the color and shape and they are easy to put on and look lovely like them very much glad i got them <end>  not what I expected  Swarovski has always meant high quality to me so I was disappointed to discover that the earrings were only half a crystal each with a metallic paint of some sort on the back. Even though the coloring is brilliant, my experience with metallic paints had not been pleasing. Hopefully these will stand the test of time and retain their brilliance. <end>  Awesome  Fast shippping, and the item was great. I would admit though, the earrings don't look nearly as impressive as they do in the picture. <end>  Pretty, but yellow  I read reviews that said that these earrings changed color depending on your outfit and the lighting you're in, but they always seem to be the same color to me. I've looked at them in fluorescent light, incandescent light, and sunlight, and they are always yellow or golden with an orange-ish heart. A couple times in the sunlight (I kept asking my boyfriend, and I'm sure he was getting tired of it by the end of the day, haha) they had some green around the edges.The exceptions I noticed to them being yellow are if they are lit from behind, or set on a white surface and viewed from above. Then, the blue shines through. Also, when they are viewed more edge-on, they seem to be clear.They have a translucent, metallic coating on the back that looks iridescent (shiny, not matte as other reviews have said) and I suppose makes the earrings reflect more light and be more colorful. They do sparkle quite a bit, and I like them, but they are not quite what I was expecting. They are also very lightweight and comfortable to wear. I have some sensitivity to metals and was not irritated by them.They are interesting earrings, and I intend to wear them more to see if I can find a combination of clothing and lighting to make them a color other than yellow, but I'm not holding my breath. <end>  Different color  I like these earrings as they are a good quality, but they turn a yellowish-orange when wearing them and no blue color is visible. I wanted blue earrings not multicolored ones. <end>  Pretty  The ear rings are very pretty, but a bit bigger than I thought. Dressy looking. I still will wear them for work. <end>  Earrings  These earrings are even prettier than shown. They pick up every color under the sun. Although they do have alot of orange. <end>  Can't take them off!!  These earrings are the most lovely earrings I have seen in a long time. They are fine quality and glitter and shine! The hooks are nice as well. Not too thin, not too thick. Just perfect. The clear go with everything. I LOVE them! I am looking into another pair in another color....maybe blue! Buy them! You'll love them! <end>  I didn't read the reviews on this  I didn't read any reviews on this item before purchasing. I figured for the price how can you go wrong? Well I'm here to say that I'm so glad I bought them. These Earrings are lovely, lots of shine and so many beautiful colors. Not heavy on the ear. Every time I've worn them I get many complements. Great Buy! <end>  Better Looking Than Diamonds  These earrings are awsome! They change color with surroundings and go with everything I have. The out sparkle my diamonds and the silver is high quality. These earrings are sensational and I highly recommend them! <end>  coleen  Not real happy with these will give out as a gift. Looks plain,with a pretty stone not a show stopper. Hope my sister likes them better than I did. <end>  Beautiful earrings, very sparkly  These are my new favorite earrings, I love them. They reflect light and are very sparkly, but not overly distracting. The blueish purple in the image is how they look in natural sunlight. If you are in an office building with artificial lighting, they may look yellowish, but that is not the fault of the earrings, but the lighting. These earrings are really good quality. <end>  look cheap  I opened the box and was very disappointed. These earrings look VERY cheap. I did purchase other swarovski crystal earrings and they look nice.... go with ones with multiple crystals (the single crystal looks too cheap and ugly) <end>
 B000B6FNKK  14k White Gold Blue Topaz Leverback Earrings ||	  blue topaz earrings  The earrings are a good size but the color on the website is misleading. They are not the vibrant, tropical blue you'd expect from blue topaz. They are very pale blue---more like aquamarine. Nice earrings all the same, but if I'd have known the color was not the correct hue I'd have kept looking elsewhere. <end>
 B000B6J716  14k White Gold Princess-Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Station Necklace ||	  Simple Sparkler  What a pretty little necklace. This necklace also comes in Peridot, which I will purchase as well. The stones are beautiful, they really sparkle. They are described as light blue, but they are more a light swiss blue and very vibrant. The chain is fine, but NOT superfine. There are 8 stones stationed set in this necklace. It gives off a lot of sparkle, all around every portion of the front and sides of your neck. It's a lot of "look" for such a dainty, but strong necklace. It matches perfectly with the Swiss Blue Topaz Teardrop Earrings also in the Amazon Collection. The earrings are dainty too, so the look together is balanced. This set would be perfect for a bride or anyone who likes really feminine jewelry with a big look. It is presented in a beautiful midnight blue suede box that is contained in a midnight blue gift box. The presentation is quite classy looking. No cheap, flimsy gift box, here. You'd feel proud to give this as a gift--like I did--to myself. Amazon.com always delivers well ahead of their estimated delivery date. This is the fourth piece of jewelry I've ordered from the Amazon collection. I'm very pleased with Amazons collection of jewelry, I'm really liking it. Its priced very well and the quality is even better than I expected from them. Each piece was delivered to me, one day after I received notification of shipment. I appreciate the free supersaver shipping. Thanks again Amazon. <end>  Great value  This necklace came exactly as pictured with a nice big blue box to store it in. I feel it was a great value for the money. I would recommend purchasing if you like topaz jewelry. <end>  Delicate  Blue Topaz is one of my favorite stones......this necklace is so beautiful and delicate......I am very impressed with the quality of this piece. I received it so fast, and it was packaged perfectly. I am very happy with this purchase and will definetely order again. <end>  Arrived with bent prongs, 1 stone loose in gift bag.  Although this necklace is very dainty and pretty, it arrived with one stone loose at the bottom of the nice blue velvet gift bag. Upon inspection I discovered bent prongs, which must have happened before it shipped as there was no damage to the box and it was very securely packaged. This truly is a very delicate and fragile necklace; I would only recommend it for special occasion wear by someone with the most careful and gentle hands. I recommend that it be stored in the small gift bag, away from other jewelry, to prevent any damage to the prongs (which should be inspected upon receipt, and before each wearing to avoid losing stones). Speaking from half a century of experience, you may wish to consider another, more substantial item as a gift, as the fortunate recipient will surely want to wear your gift with pride and pleasure for many years to come. An item of fine jewelry, broken and languishing at the bottom of a jewelry box after perhaps only a few wearings, would not make wonderful memories. I hope this review was helpful to you, and I wish you the best of luck in finding just the right piece for that special person (especially if that special person is yourself!). <end>  A very nice piece  I bought this necklace for my wife for our anniversary. I was looking for something to match the white gold-blue topaz teardrop earrings I had bought her previously at Amazon. She loves the necklace. It's nice length, very delicate-looking but still with the nice size of stones. And most importantly, the color of stones matches earrings perfectly. <end>  Little  The stones sparkle,it looks good,but it's very delicate,maybe a larger size of thenecklace was better <end>  Necklace does not lay flat -returned  Good quality and very pretty. Perhaps if you have a very skinny neck this will lay flat. <end>
 B000B6KTGI  14k White Gold Garnet Tennis Bracelet, 7 1/4" ||	  exquisite  I purchased this for my daughters 40th birthday . She absolutely loved it ( as did her sisters) . Nice size and fantastic price.I will probably have to buy 5 more as each of my other daughters birthdays come up. <end>
 B000B6TOSM  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 8mm Medium Heavy Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  I love this bracelet  I love this bracelet. It is very sexy. I ordered this at Christmas for my boyfriend. Came quickly, looked even better than in the picture. He has worn this for a year (without taking it off once) and it still looks just as good. No tarnish, no breaks, no pinching and is very well made.Nov 27, 2012~My man has been wearing this for almost three years now. Very masculine and sexy, excellent quality. He says that is is very comfortable as well.(It doesn't pull the hair on his arm) The style for this is sexy and sophisticated, it doesn't look like he is trying to be a teenager or a gigolo but is still very sexy. Nice weight and durable as well. This looks 10x better on than in the picture. <end>
 B000B6X1HW  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Link Chain  Once again the product received was better that expected. This merchant is great and this is my third purchase from them. I highly recomend this merchant to anyone. <end>  He looks stunning in it!  Ok! So here goes my first review and on jewelry. This was a gift along with the matching necklace for my boyfriend who tried on the same product at a farmer's market recently... this is stunning. I had to return it only because I miscalculated his wrist size. 9 is average I believe, nevertheless it was a nice weight without looking pimpish but enough 'pop' to notice a nice piece. LOVE it on him my only regret is why I never treat myself to such nice pieces. HA. Thanks, I will be back. <end>  Highly recommended  The chain was exactly what I was looking for. Excellent quality. I would shop from this seller again. <end>  Great buy  I bought this bracelet as a gift for my son, he really loved it. <end>
 B000B6X1IG  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Link Chain  Once again the product received was better that expected. This merchant is great and this is my third purchase from them. I highly recomend this merchant to anyone. <end>  He looks stunning in it!  Ok! So here goes my first review and on jewelry. This was a gift along with the matching necklace for my boyfriend who tried on the same product at a farmer's market recently... this is stunning. I had to return it only because I miscalculated his wrist size. 9 is average I believe, nevertheless it was a nice weight without looking pimpish but enough 'pop' to notice a nice piece. LOVE it on him my only regret is why I never treat myself to such nice pieces. HA. Thanks, I will be back. <end>  Highly recommended  The chain was exactly what I was looking for. Excellent quality. I would shop from this seller again. <end>  Great buy  I bought this bracelet as a gift for my son, he really loved it. <end>
 B000B78YDC  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Square Shaped Aquamarine Cubic Zirconia and Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  just okay  the ring was pretty but just like another aquamarine ring i bought the color was not true to its name. very very dull coloring. but other than that...the ring is sturdy and very pretty as long as you're not expecting the color you see on the website. <end>  Pretty Okay  The ring was quite pretty; as much as you can expect for the price. Unfortunately, I bought it in a size too big, should have ordered a 6. Oh, well. Turns out I don't know my ring size... <end>  Nettie's Aqua Ring  I got this ring as a gift for my sister. For the money I was very pleased, it's a fun little ring. <end>  Easily misshapen and lost stone  Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. At first it looked great ... then she wore it. Even though she did nothing rough while wearing it to cause any damage, the ring became misshapen very quickly and easily, and one of the aquamarine stones fell out within three weeks. This may have been from how the ring went out of shape but neither should have happened to easily and quickly. Quite disappointed. I would suggest looking elsewhere for an aquamarine ring and save yourself the money and disappointment. <end>  Beautiful  I love this ring. I receive many compliments on it each day. I wear it all the time and the stones are still as sparkling as the day I received it. I recommend it highly! <end>  great ring at a great price  I've been wanting a birth stone ring, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. This is a great ring for the price you pay. It's just as pretty in person as it is online. <end>  Great Gift  Bought it for my girlfriend and she just loved it.... Nice gift wrap and note were perfect details. Highly recommended... <end>  Love It  I ordered this ring for my daughter for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. This is a very good deal for the money. <end>
 B000B7S4W8  Ancient Atlantis Fantasy Buddhist Mandala Silver Tone Pewter Pendant with Chain Necklace ||	  mandala  although a bit heavy for daily wear, this necklace has a powerful feeling when worn. the low price and high value make this purchase an A+++ <end>
 B000B7VND0  Sterling Silver Ram Head Hoop Earrings Handmade High Polished, 1 1/16" Long ||	  I wear them everyday  I LOVE these earrings... I think I actually ordered them/got them from here maybe 2 years ago... I wear them nearly everyday... these ram's head earrings have always been my favorite... they are hard to find if you DON'T want yellow gold (I would like a pair in white gold too) but these particular ones are holding up perfectly I love them! <end>
 B000B7W992  Opalescent Loose Glass and Amethyst Hook Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Really Pretty!  This is the second pair of earrings I got from Silver Insanity, and I can tell you you won't be dissapointed. They may be synthetic, but no one will ever guess while you're wearing them! They catch the light beautifully, and the delicate silver design compliments the gems perfectly. I always get compliments when I wear these. And you can't beat the price! <end>  Very pretty  Although glass, they do look like opals, and have a lovely irridescent quality <end>
 B000B7W99C  Sterling Silver Coiled Dragon on Bright Scarlet Blood Red Glass Hook Earrings ||	  My Draconic Valentine  I got these earrings for my Valentine's present, and they are wonderful! I love the design, the dragons are sinuous, but really aren't Oriental dragons, and they aren't the heavy bodied Continental dragons, they really are more (my favorite) Celtic dragons, but with a modern look. Also must note that the detailing is quite good, you can see the dragon's spikes along the back of his neck, and even little scales on the body. I love them in this passionate red color also. Will cherish them for years to come, I'm sure. <end>  Great product, great service  Very fast shipping - the items were exactly as advertised. Love shopping this way. <end>
 B000B8UN7G  Little Open Heart Charm in Sterling Silver, #11533 ||	  heads up...  charm was beautiful, be careful, though, because it is only one-sided. The front is the silver heart, but the back side has the indentation and black color. Probably better as a necklace charm than for a charm bracelet. <end>
 B000B8US26  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 7.2 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>
 B000B8UT3E  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  smaller than I anticipated  Appears to be quality piece, smaller than I thought, however that's my fault for not reviewing and being fully aware of mm sizing..delivered on time in good condition...pricey for chain this small and thin, however if it holds up well to daily wear and tear it will be worth the purchase price... <end>  General recommendation for this maker  I have 3 Sabrina Silver chains, though not this particular style, two of which I've worn 24/7 for a couple of years. I can't say enough about how glad I am to have discovered this Amazon partner, because like the other reviewer here, I'm vulnerable to contact dermatitis from alloys. It's so bad I even get a rash on my tummy from prolonged contact with metal buttons on jeans. Nickel must be the chief culprit, because my Sabrina nickel-free silver chains have never raised so much as a speck of red itch. Durable, well-made, good-looking, reasonably priced, and biologically inert  )--gotta love it! Thank you, Sabrina and Amazon. <end>  Nice necklace  It's a pretty good sign of quality when I get this necklace mixed up with my white gold ones! You can't beat the price anywhere. Also, I'm very sensitive to cetain metals and this one doesn't irritate me a bit. <end>
 B000B8UT52  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Beveled Edge Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  company NOT good to deal with  I ordered 3 items. This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling......so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Love it!  My wife asked for this for her birthday (8/2010). Here is her review This chain is very nice, especially for the price and length and being nickel-free. I LOVE IT!!! It is a feminine thickness, delicate looking, yet sturdy.Unfortunately, the two pendants (filigree heart locket & marscarite watch) I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top. The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for "perfume" and body heat helps it float around. The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time. I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty, delicate, yet strong chain.I've been wearing this chain without a pendant, though, over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine. Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it. <end>  really good  my stuff came fast and was a good price. the product was also very nice. thank you. <end>  Think I will order more!  Sturdy yet delicate, high polish, have had many complements! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver,,, Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price.. <end>  love it!  was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web. but with outrageous prices at the mall, i went for it. the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms. i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat. <end>
 B000B8WFIG  Sterling Silver Italian Tubular Mesh Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 20 inch ||	  Think about it  This bracelet looks super. Also a bit different than your typical rope or link chain. Fun. I did not keep it because it runs small. It is not a true 8" bracelet for two reasons  first, it only measures about 7.5 inches and second the lovely mesh is thick so it takes-up some length just because of the style. So, if you like a 7.0 or 7.5" bracelet then this may well work for you. Enjoy! <end>  Think about it  This bracelet looks super. Also a bit different than your typical rope or link chain. Fun. I did not keep it because it runs small. It is not a true 8" bracelet for two reasons  first, it only measures about 7.5 inches and second the lovely mesh is thick so it takes-up some length just because of the style. So, if you like a 7.0 or 7.5" bracelet then this may well work for you. Enjoy! <end>
 B000B8WFN6  Sterling Silver Italian Spiga Wheat Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Excellent and very strong!  I have been wearing this chain with a medallion hanging from it every day for almost 3 years. I have broken every single chain I have ever gotten in the past whether it be gold or silver, rope or box pattern, but this chain has never let me down. I cannot tell you how many times this chain has had hundreds of pounds of force on it while weight lifting, or how many times I have twisted it in my sleep, but it remains strong as new.I have gone through a lot of chains in my life and I am certain that if I ever manage to damage or lose this one, I will be buying the exact same thing to replace it. <end>  Atrractive, well made chain  It is a fair value for the price especially if you want something different in a silver chain. <end>  Stunning  Item arrived well before its due date, and was as advertised. The chain was well-crafted, and the silver itself possessed a stunning, white sheen. In fact, the white brilliance of the chain was so pronounced that the crucifix pendant for which I had purchased it - itself also sterling silver - did not match! Even so, I have kept this chain, because I am sure to use it as a gift. Related to this, I am pleased to note that the chain may grace the neck of either a woman or a man quite well, as it possesses traits of both refinement and strength. <end>  Exceptional !  Hard to find silver wheat chains...this isone of the best I've found. Strong yet refined ! <end>  quality piece  The necklace was to go with a locket I had purchased from another website. The description was very accurate for the measurements. It arrived within 3 days. This was a gift and I was pleased to give it to the recipient. <end>
 B000B8WFUE  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.7mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  It Shines!  The price was the greatest, of course! On Amazon. And the size and whight as well. She really dig's the look and rich luster of the silver. <end>
 B000B8WFWC  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  VERY nice!  Very nice quality, especially at this low price. Husband loved it and thought I'd spent a fortune;) <end>
 B000B8WFX6  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 7.2 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>
 B000B8WGVW  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Beveled Edge Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  company NOT good to deal with  I ordered 3 items. This necklace came to me with a nasty kink and a ring that had a dent in it.I had to send it back paying for the shipping handling......so I paid for the initial shipping and handling as well as the shipping and handling to send it backThis company is ripping off consumers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>  Love it!  My wife asked for this for her birthday (8/2010). Here is her review This chain is very nice, especially for the price and length and being nickel-free. I LOVE IT!!! It is a feminine thickness, delicate looking, yet sturdy.Unfortunately, the two pendants (filigree heart locket & marscarite watch) I had planned to switch off wearing with this chain are not this shiny and looked terrible with it due to the different finishes despite all three pieces being sterling silver.I like the 30-inch length for items to hang low and be tucked into a top. The filigree locket is used with essential oils on flannel for "perfume" and body heat helps it float around. The watch needs to be on a long enough chain in order for one to have maneuvering room to lift it and see the time. I ended up buying a stainless steel 30-inch chain that is serving these purposes and it matches the pendants instead of this pretty, delicate, yet strong chain.I've been wearing this chain without a pendant, though, over solid colored tops because it is so pretty and feminine. Eventually I will find the perfect pendant or charm for it. <end>  really good  my stuff came fast and was a good price. the product was also very nice. thank you. <end>  Think I will order more!  Sturdy yet delicate, high polish, have had many complements! . I ordered about 5 braclets from Sabrina Silver,,, Would absolutly order more ! Exceptional quality at very reasonable price.. <end>  love it!  was hesitant about buying jewelry over the web. but with outrageous prices at the mall, i went for it. the necklace is beautiful and perfect for my charms. i would buy again from this vendor in a heartbeat. <end>
 B000B8YG6U  Sterling Silver Italian Tubular Mesh Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 20 inch ||	  very pleased  this chain is beautiful and made a perfect addition to a silver pendant for my wife for our anniversary. Could not be happier! <end>  Impressive!  I was very impressed with the quality of this flexible mesh chain. I received it as promised and would definitely purchase from them again. <end>
 B000B8YGDI  Sterling Silver Italian Spiga Wheat Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Excellent and very strong!  I have been wearing this chain with a medallion hanging from it every day for almost 3 years. I have broken every single chain I have ever gotten in the past whether it be gold or silver, rope or box pattern, but this chain has never let me down. I cannot tell you how many times this chain has had hundreds of pounds of force on it while weight lifting, or how many times I have twisted it in my sleep, but it remains strong as new.I have gone through a lot of chains in my life and I am certain that if I ever manage to damage or lose this one, I will be buying the exact same thing to replace it. <end>  Atrractive, well made chain  It is a fair value for the price especially if you want something different in a silver chain. <end>  Stunning  Item arrived well before its due date, and was as advertised. The chain was well-crafted, and the silver itself possessed a stunning, white sheen. In fact, the white brilliance of the chain was so pronounced that the crucifix pendant for which I had purchased it - itself also sterling silver - did not match! Even so, I have kept this chain, because I am sure to use it as a gift. Related to this, I am pleased to note that the chain may grace the neck of either a woman or a man quite well, as it possesses traits of both refinement and strength. <end>  Exceptional !  Hard to find silver wheat chains...this isone of the best I've found. Strong yet refined ! <end>  quality piece  The necklace was to go with a locket I had purchased from another website. The description was very accurate for the measurements. It arrived within 3 days. This was a gift and I was pleased to give it to the recipient. <end>
 B000B8YGE2  Sterling Silver Italian Spiga Wheat Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.1mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Exactly what I was looking for  I had been looking for a while for a nice, silver men's chain for a (not very small) Celtic cross I got some time ago. Something that was not too thick (hip-hop/goomba) nor too thin (feminine). I was also looking for a chain that was a good value (not outrageously expensive). This, to me, was "just right."It has a nice weight to it without feeling "heavy" and the "Wheat" link pattern doesn't visually compete with a pendant like a figaro or curb chain would. I did look at several other "Wheat" chains and some of the others had more open links or more closed links. Neither of which looked as good to me as this.The clasp is a good match to the scale of the chain - again, not too large and not too small - either of which would make the clasp very noticable if it rotated to the front.As a stocky guy who wears a 17" collar, I debated whether to get the 20" chain or 22" chain. I think the 22" would have hung a little low on me but for guys over 6 feet it might be a good choice.Mostly though, I have been impressed by how comfortable this chain is. It just feels good on my neck (and it doesn't catch or tug on chest hair.)I have been quite pleased with this purchase I think you will be too. <end>  Nice Chain  Nice medium weight chain. You could use it with pendents but not really small ones. Has a nice finish. Good to wear alone. <end>  Wardrobe staple  This is a simple, yet sturdy and attractive bracelet. I have worn it for six months straight and have received nothing but compliments. A real steal. <end>  Super Shiny Goodness!  I got this chain, so that I could have a "chain of reference" for a necklace I wanted to get for my husband's birthday (we had a gift certificate to a jewler, and I didn't know the name of the genre of chain linkage we sought) and during a search, I found this! Exactly what we needed! His birthday gift is here, in perfect 14k gold, so now I get to play with the stunt double chain...nobody can tell the diference between them until we show them the name&karat franking on his chain! Just plain WOW! Good going Sabrina Silver! <end>  Happy with this purchase  I purchased this chain for my son as a Valentines Day gift. We are very pleased! Excellent choice. <end>  Very happy  I am totally satisfied with this product. It arrived quickly and was exactly what I ordered. Thank you so very much.Dan <end>
 B000B8YGLU  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.7mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  It Shines!  The price was the greatest, of course! On Amazon. And the size and whight as well. She really dig's the look and rich luster of the silver. <end>
 B000B8YGNS  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 7.2 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>
 B000B8YGOM  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 7.2 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Necklace  Delivery to France was extremely quick and the chain was better than expected. It was very shiny but I remedied that with bleach then polished it up with a silver cloth. ( I like the antique silver look) <end>
 B000B8YHPU  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.8mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Figaro Necklace  I felt that the description of this item was sadly misunderstood. The necklace itself is very pretty, but it look very fragile, its width is small, and the necklace is shiny. I enjoyed it as a female necklace, but hte purchase was for my boyfriend... it doesn't look masculene..it looks feminine. <end>  Not fragile!  After reading the other review of this item, I felt I had to set the record straight. I bought this chain to use with a pendant my husband bought me while on vacation in Mexico. The pendant is not small, and I needed a substantial chain. This chain is perfect! <end>  Figaro Necklace  I felt that the description of this item was sadly misunderstood. The necklace itself is very pretty, but it look very fragile, its width is small, and the necklace is shiny. I enjoyed it as a female necklace, but hte purchase was for my boyfriend... it doesn't look masculene..it looks feminine. <end>  Not fragile!  After reading the other review of this item, I felt I had to set the record straight. I bought this chain to use with a pendant my husband bought me while on vacation in Mexico. The pendant is not small, and I needed a substantial chain. This chain is perfect! <end>
 B000B8YHX2  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  perfect gift  I was skeptical of buying sterling silver online without viewing the item first. Much to my surprise the Figaro Chain was beautifully crafted, shiny and more than I expected. I would purchase from Sabrina Silver again. The quality of the item was extremely worth the price. If you are looking for good quality silver, they are the place to shop.Mary Del Signore, Cranston RI <end>
 B000B912AC  Sterling Silver Italian Tubular Mesh Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 20 inch ||	  Medium Mesh Chain  Good quality for the money and stronger then some I have had in the past. Again its a good product for the price. <end>
 B000B912M0  Sterling Silver Italian Flat Mariner Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.1mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  30" Sterling Silver Baby Flat Mariner Necklace  This necklace exceeded my expectations for an on-line purchase. It is a beautiful silver necklace and is great for an every day wear. <end>  Simply beautiful  I initially was drawn to this item because the length is a little unusual - 9.5 inches - most anklets are 9 (a tad too snug) or 10 inches (a lot too loose). I also liked that it is nickel-free because I have a nickel allergy. I also liked that it is thin and flat. So it met all of my basic requirements and then some right off the bat. The best part is that it is more beautiful and shiny "in person" than it shows in the photograph - it is really beautiful. I have worn anklets for many years and this is my new favorite. I am thinking of ordering another 1-2 because I tend to lose them... You can't go wrong with this choice. <end>  30" Sterling Silver Baby Flat Mariner Necklace  This necklace exceeded my expectations for an on-line purchase. It is a beautiful silver necklace and is great for an every day wear. <end>  Simply beautiful  I initially was drawn to this item because the length is a little unusual - 9.5 inches - most anklets are 9 (a tad too snug) or 10 inches (a lot too loose). I also liked that it is nickel-free because I have a nickel allergy. I also liked that it is thin and flat. So it met all of my basic requirements and then some right off the bat. The best part is that it is more beautiful and shiny "in person" than it shows in the photograph - it is really beautiful. I have worn anklets for many years and this is my new favorite. I am thinking of ordering another 1-2 because I tend to lose them... You can't go wrong with this choice. <end>
 B000B9143C  Sterling Silver Italian Figaro Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 9mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  perfect gift  I was skeptical of buying sterling silver online without viewing the item first. Much to my surprise the Figaro Chain was beautifully crafted, shiny and more than I expected. I would purchase from Sabrina Silver again. The quality of the item was extremely worth the price. If you are looking for good quality silver, they are the place to shop.Mary Del Signore, Cranston RI <end>
 B000B9187Y  Sterling Silver Oval Rolo Link w/ Round Tag Necklaces and Bracelets, sizes 7, 8 & 18 inch ||	  totally misrepresentation of actual necklace  My necklace just arrived and I feel very angry. It is NOT the same one as listed in the photo at all. The chain is smaaller and thinner than the one advertised, and the toggle hook is much smaller and cheaper looking,as well. This is a huge misrepresentation of what you actually get. For the price, I feel like I've been ripped off.I make a lot of jewelry purchases and this is the first time this has ever happened to me. It is NOT worth the money and not what I was expecting to recieve for what I paid. <end>
 B000BB3ZFK  NFL St. Louis Rams Cufflinks ||	  Stylish Rams pride  Cuff links are a very personal thing. They are a personal statement about who and what you are, so why go with just some standard, plain design?The Rams logo Is the best in the NFL, so wear these with pride. ("Hey, it's a building year!")They are made with strong material and look like they will be a long time addition to your link collection. <end>
 B000BB3ZGY  Atlanta Braves MLB Executive Cuff Links - 1 Pair ||	  Nice cuff links|  This cuff links are beautifuland the quality is realy good and the most important thing is that my housband loves them as he loves the team. <end>  Great Value  If you are a big Braves fan, these are a must have! Purchased these as a gift, and the recepient loved them! They are nice enough to wear with a good suit, and very good quality. They come in a nice red box, so presentation is good as well. These also arrived in half of the time they were supposed to, service was great. Wonderful buy, must have for Braves fans!! <end>
 B000BBE2ES  Pugster Size 8 Round Pink Cz Gift Ring Sterling Silver Jewelry Fashion ||	  Lots of "bling" for the price!!!  This is a very "sparkley" realistic looking ring at a very reasonable price. Really picks up and reflects light -- looks very much like my authentic pink tourmalines. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This is a very beautiful ring and is true to size. I love it. <end>
 B000BBF2P6  Sterling Silver Scintillating 8mm Vitrail Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Prettier than pictured  These earrings are very sparkly and appear to pick up the surrounding colors. The picture in the advertisement made me dubious about how they would look, but they are lovely. I had several compliments on them the first day I put them on, and the compliments haven't stopped. A nice earring at a good price and I highly recommend them. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!!  This is a quality item! The sparkle is amazing and I have received MANY compliments when wearing it. I plan on buying more to give as gifts. Absolutely beautiful! <end>
 B000BBS5S2  Sterling Silver Green 8mm Cube Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  A thrifty alternative to peridot  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. If you love peridot you would love these earrings. The peridot color crystals glisten in the sunlight. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These earrings are beautiful. You won't go wrong. I got these earrings and I absolutely love them. They are easy to put on too. Major plus! <end>  Sparkling crystals, sparkling eyes  My sweetheart loves these Sparkling Green Cube Swarovski Crystal Earrings. Thank you, GemAvenue, for them and I suggest for all custumers to buy here their products with trust. Zsolt, from Hungary. <end>
 B000BBYEF0  Angel Bowling Lapel Pin ||	  Fun little pin  My elderly mother is still a bowler and this was just a little fun gift for her. She loved it. <end>
 B000BC8RYI  SCER055 Sterling Silver Green 10mm Donut Shape Millefiori Glass Bead Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Good gift- even if it is for yourself!!  I got these for my sister (older 20's age) for Christmas. Prior to giving them to her, I inspected them and they were really good quality. They came individually wrapped in a plastic baggie inside of a silver gift box, that was inside a padded envelope- great protection! When I saw these, I actually ordered a different set of earrings from a different source for my sister because I wanted these for myself (sadly- they didn't come in time for Christmas). They are extremely light weight, which, if my sister is anything like me, she will love. I know I will purchase some for myself in my birthstone from this seller. The beads are a little different than what I was expecting- meaning that I thought the photo the seller has up was just blurry, but that is exactly how the beads are, but that is how any glass beads with designs look. Other reviews I had read said that they were smaller than the picture. I did not think this was the case. The earrings were the exact size I thought they would be- not big and gawdy, but a very lovely and add a nice delicate touch to any outfit. If you are someone looking for something big and &#34;in your face&#34; these are not the earrings for you. It is wonderful the the clasps are sterling silver for those with metal allergies. I am really excited to buy some in the future. <end>  So beautiful  These earrings are gorgeous. Smaller than expected, but my oh my, so cute. Very well made and elegant looking. Bought these as gifts also, but decided to keep this one. <end>  My wife loves these  Purchasing jewelry on the Internet can be difficult, especially when looking to save money. These were a hit with my wife. She loves them. <end>  High Quality  Bought these for a friend I work with she will love them. Beautiful high quality.I'm gonna order another pair for my aunt. <end>  uneven beads  The beads are not perfectly shaped. This wouldn't be a big deal except for the fact that the silver flower holder on top and the bottom of the bead emphasize the asymmetry. Despite this, they are still pretty, especially for this price. <end>  They are really beautiful  A nice addition to the jewelry box. A first for a milky green to go with my other shades of green outfits. <end>  Great  Just what I wanted. Perfect little gift. Just the way it was described. Great color, and light weight. Comfortable to wear. <end>  cute but smallish  if you like small earrings these are cute. I prefer a larger earring and may give to my grandaughter. but cute earrings nothing wrong with them other than personal preference <end>  PatiL  Look prettier in the picture on line. Looks a little inexpensive but still pretty. Was going to give as gift but since it looks a little like costume jewelry...but pretty will keep for myself. <end>  Love these!  These earrings are more beautiful than the photo! I have gotten many compliments on these earrings. I am very pleased. Highly recommend! <end>  Green Glass Bead earrings  These earrings are gorgeous. They are well made and sturdy. I would recommend this product to others. I love them. <end>  Pretty earrings  Loved these earrings, wanted a green pair, these have a little bit of blue in them, but that only makes them more beautiful and workable with different outfits. Good for dressy (office) and casual with jeans. <end>  I noticed it was not straight.  The earrings were not for me but a gift. One bead on the earring was not quite set right. I showed it to the intended person and she said she was fine with it. so 4 stars. <end>  Millefiori glass bead earrings.  I got these for my granddaughter for Christmas, she loved them, and I thought the were very nice also. Might purchase some for myself. <end>  SCER055 Sterling Silver Green 10mm Donut Shape Millefiori Glass Bead Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements  These earrings are much more beautiful in real than online. The glass beads look like granite. The workmanship is beautiful. I put them on as soon as I got them and cannot take them off. I have about 50 pairs of earrings and I'm definitely obsessed with these. <end>  Love the earrings  Just what I wanted. I like smaller earrings so I love these. I also like them because have the lever back. I don't have to worry about losing them. <end>  Lovely  Very lovely earrings they seem to be really high quality and the sterling silver findings give them a really elegant look <end>  So cute  I thought these earrings were very sweet. I gave them as a gift and they were just what I wanted. <end>  Lovely gift  The earrings are very neat, lovely as a gift for a teen or older. Pretty marbelised kind of finish in green. <end>  Pretty  These are more statement-y than the little size suggests. They actually look quite charming, and the delicate marbled looking glass is pretty. Like these! <end>  Pretty earrings  These are great earrings. I love leverback style earrings. They are very easy to wear. You can wear them with casual clothes as well as when you get dressed up. They also go very nicely with your Pandora style bracelet as the glass beads are very similar to the beads on your bracelet. <end>  Great Shade of Green  Earrings are the perfect size--not too large or small. I love the shade of green in them, and the blue dot/swirl goes great. Very pretty! <end>  Beautiful earrings  I've had my eye on these earrings for a while and when I finally did order them, I was sorry I hadn't ordered them before. They are beautiful and I love the bright green color and the swirled pattern on the beads. They are constructed well and I like the fact that the beads fit tight and don't move up and down on the post as some of the earrings I've purchased do. I wanted some thing that would be closer to an emerald or summer green. These definitely fit the bill. They could be worn with a dressy outfit as well as a casual one. For the price, they are a great buy. <end>  Good and reasonable buy for Gift  Originally I purchased a pair of these for myself. I liked them so much that I ordered two more pair. One pair is for my daughter-in-law (her favorite color is Green), from the other pair I will make both of us a pendant. You did not have a pendent or necklace to match. I like matching sets...perhaps you did have it and I missed them... I have enjoyed most of the jewelery purchased from you..some I have not had the occasion to wear. <end>  Great product, great service  The earings are more beautiful than as shown in the photo. My wife loved them. An added positive surprprise was the great service and support from the seller to resolve a minor matter. <end>  Gift For my Sister.  I saw these and immediately thought they would be a birthday gift for my sister. And when I got them and realized they look exactly like the photos I knew they'd be a hit. She loves them. I'm great the end. *Takes a bow* <end>  in love  I was gifted these earrings and I love them. Each time I wear them I am complimented on them. They are very pretty earrings. I have no complaints. <end>  Very pretty  The color of the tiny beads is slightly different than the shade of the big glass bead, but you can't really tell when they're on. Very pretty. <end>  Cute!  Cute little earrings at a low price, what more could you ask for? I really like the green color and the sterling silver gleams nicely. I would recommend these earrings and this seller. <end>  Beautiful!  I love these earrings. They are delicate and quite pretty. Very pleased with this purchase! <end>  A pleasantly elegant pair of earrings  I really didn't expect the quality of these earrings to be as high as it is. The workmanship is very good, the beads are beautiful, and I'm very pleased I bought them, especially for the price. <end>  Love them!  I bought this item based on the picture and I think they're great. Very pretty and delicate, and the detail on the bead is very subtle. They are also the perfect length for me because I don't like earrings to be too gaudy. <end>  Reminiscent of childhood  Love these - they remind me of jewelry I used to make when I had time to make jewelry. They are sturdy, well-crafted, and absent of tackiness! The clasp is solid and ensures they don't open and pop outta your ears. Good buy. <end>  Just as pictured  I really like these earrings. They are just as pictured. They feel like they're high quality and will stand the test of time. They are very pretty and I get compliments whenever I wear them. <end>  classic remniscent of vintage  These delicate little green beads have amazing depth and beauty they seem vintage and remind me of old world classic style. they are so pretty and eye catching. The person who received them loved them. <end>  Delicate design yet well made  Love the delicate design in these pretty green earrings! I wear them with my jade pendantand they match perfectly. Would definitely order from this seller again. Great service! <end>  Nicer than expected  Bought these for my daughter for Christmas, disappointed that I did not buy them for ME! <end>  Very Nice.  I bought these, and another similar pair, for my mother for her birthday, which was yesterday. She collects earrings. She liked them a lot. <end>  Love them!  The green in these is so pretty! Very eye catching! The lever back is my favorite! GORGEOUS! <end>  very pretty  These earrings came as described and are very pretty. I gave them as a Christmas gift and they were a hit. <end>  Didn't work out  Hello. This was a gift but she said they stuck out way too far from her ear lobes to wear them. Of course she would not return them because they were a gift. <end>
 B000BC8ZLI  Emerg Alert Medical Alert Emergency ID Bracelet and Wallet Card - "Alzheimer's Disease" ||	  There needs to be an engraving option  I am looking for one of these for my Mom who I care for. We live in a small town; if she wanders the main information needed on the bracelet is her name and my phone number.I didn't buy this product and this is more intended as a suggestion to the seller. Why not provide an engraving option at a modest cost? Or make it clear that it can be easily engraved? Without that it seems of little value. <end>  Alzheimers braclet  I was never given the opportunity to have my father's name engraved on it so it was useless. <end>  emergency bracelet  I bought two of these bracelets; one for my mother in law and one for my husband. They are great. I've worn one for many years without any trouble at all. The only thing I would change would be to have the option of making the bracelet non-removable. The blank bracelets are great because then you don't have to use the prefab wording. Take the blank bracelet to your local jeweler. They can engrave just about anything, with your choice of text size and font. It is cheap! Way cheaper than buying it already done. I've been happy enough with them that I'll be ordering two more because situations have changed and I need to update the information. <end>
 B000BCL3QW  Sterling Silver Harmony Ball Pendant, 3/4 inch with snake chain. ||	  Soothing  I love my chime ball. When I'm irritated I just shake it and it calms me down. I especially love the chain that came with it. <end>
 B000BCMUEG  Necklace, 'Ocean of Love' 1.5" W 2" L ||	  A wonderful purchase experience and a beautiful item  The item is simply beautifully made just like it appears in the picture but bigger and a bit heavier than I would imagine. It looks stunning on my neck! But what is even more wonderful is that it came in an exquisit velvet jewelry pouch AND a hand-written note from the artist thanking me for the purchase! I will definitely buy another item from this company. <end>
 B000BCXFHW  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful  The colors are brilliant and beautiful. The color choices for the cubes are incredibly well done, and the whole necklace just seems to fit. I purchased the 24 inch length and am quite pleased. The seller did not seem to understand if additional cubes are added or it is simply additional empty chain added when the length is increased, but from my product I would say that additional cubes are added as the length increases. There is no bare metal at the back even though I purchased the 24 inch. That is probably the reason for the price increase as the length increases. The additional cubes just repeat the pattern color pattern, though I can't say for sure how many additional cubes I got over the 16 inch version, nor do I care. It looks very nice. <end>
 B000BD03XA  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 6 mm Amethyst Purple Color 2 cttw Brilliant Cut ||	  Very real looking  These have wonderful color! My 12 year old daughter saw them and instantly wanted a pair. My coworkers thought they were real. I have purchased other "gemstones" because I liked these so much. <end>  my earrings  Beautiful color, great size,The backs are a little small & difficult to use <end>  ruby earrings  You couldn't beat the price for a cute stocking stuffer, so I ordered a pair for all of my 3 daughters. They came in a nice silver cardboard box and my girls are very happy with their size and appearance. <end>  sterling silver cubiuc zirconia stud earrings amethyst purple  I love the earrings although they are smaller than I had expected but I do wear them and like them. <end>  Love them.  They are perfect, just what I was looking for. Soon I will need more, I like all the colors out there. <end>  Lovely pale purple!  Got this for my sister and she loves them. Great detail, good size and sturdy, I would buy from this company again. <end>  Too small  I received these earrings and they were too small for my ears but they are perfect for a child. I would definitely have kept these earrings for one of my girls if they were born in February. <end>  Purple Earings -Amethyst 1 carat size  I am a purple lover to say the very least.This was a set that was given away to a special friend.She loves Purple too .She loves her gifts vey much . <end>  Loved them and lost them.  Beautiful as advertised, loved the color and cut. One flaw however, post is way too short. Lost one of them the first time I wore them. It was a love hate thing. <end>  quality for money  I purchased these ear rings from amazon. The quality is good . I gave them to my daughter,she loves them, they are not too small or large, just right for dress up and the casual look. <end>  Jewelry  I purchased 2 of these earrings as gifts and was very pleased with the quality and the service. <end>  Buyer Beware  These earrings are supposed to have one carat stones. In reality, the stones are about 1/2 carat each...much smaller than advertised. <end>  Pleasant surprise  I purchased these earings for my wife, and she loves them. They are sparkling,large, and people ask her if it is real ruby. She already bought more "emerald" and "sapphire" earings! <end>
 B000BD0C0E  Sterling Silver w/ Leather Soft Bangle Bracelet 1/4 inch wide, 7 ||	  Silver and leather bracelet  The leather broke away from the silver as soon as I tried to open the clasp. The bracelet is large (probably should be labeled as men's), the clasp is very difficult to open so after I had it fixed and the leather cut down, I don't take it off. Too difficult to get on and off. <end>
 B000BD1Y4M  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings Sapphire Blue Oval Shape 3/4 cttw ||	  Nice earrings  I wasn't expecting jewelry store quality from these. They look nice, but I am afraid to wear them too often, because the prongs look much less sturdy than they do in the pictures. Still a good deal, though. <end>  Love it  I purchased this item for a bridesmaid of mine and I am glad i did. <end>
 B000BD25OU  Sterling Silver Domed Hourglass Cuff Bangle Bracelet with Rope Edge 1 3/16 inch wide, ||	  Changed my opinion  I originally gave the purchase of an evil eye bracelet a rating of 1 which was not fair because it is a nice bracelet just too small for me so I have changed my rating to a 4 <end>
 B000BD5RL8  Pugster Sliding Rhinestones Ideas Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant For Men ||	  pendant gets a 5 -description a zero!  The pendant is cute and exactly like the picture. However, the description specificaly states that no chain is included but lo and behold, a chain WAS INCLUDED! Normally, I woudld be pleased, but I had already gone and bought one elsewhere. Waste of $9 thanks to an inacurate description. <end>
 B000BD65FK  Sterling Silver Clear AB Crystal Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Lovely  I plan on wearing this necklace with the crystal earrings and bracelet to my daughter's wedding. I bought it in a size 16 and it looks lovely with my dress. The crystals reflect the colors of the dress. Very well made and excellent quality. <end>
 B000BD719Y  Pugster Black Wing Hoop Earringsgs ||	  Awesome little earring.  Cute little earring for daughter. She has metal allergies and stainless steel is only earrings she can wear without troubles. These fit very close to the lobe and are very small in size, but look very cute on her. (she's 12). <end>  Great closure, great style, stainless steel not very attractive  This pair of earrings would be absolutely fabulous for sportsand long-term wear if it was made out of white or yellow gold,especially with a matte finish. I find I'm not wearing them much for sports,as was the intention, because of the look of the material (stainless steel). <end>
 B000BD75WC  Aquamarine earrings, 'Glimmering Halos' 0.2" W 3.2" L ||	  Elegant, swinging earrings  This earrings are very elegant. I especially enjoy the chains because they give a softness and grace to the earrings. I wish the stone had more color, but that may very well be typical of aquamarine. <end>
 B000BDBJHO  Pugster Leo Zodiac Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant For Father ||	  Great.  It's just awesome. Great deal and really good price for such quality. I'v ordered it more than a year ago and the metal (stainless steel) didn't wear out. <end>
 B000BDBVMC  Pugster Star Turtlenecks Stud Earrings ||	  Cute  I bought these stainless-steel earrings for my daughters who have had severe reactions to sterling silver. I am happy to say that these do not hurt or irritate them at all. What a relief! We'd had so many issues with silver earrings, and cheap mall earrings that were labelled "for sensitive ears." Well, perhaps they were, but not my kid's sensitive ears. Stainless steel was just the ticket for my kids. As soon as this company restocks other designs that I'm interested in I would definitely order from them again. The only difference in the ones I received was that I got those slider backs and not the ones in the picture. Doesn't bother me however. <end>
 B000BDCICY  Pugster Classic Antique Lady Maiden Profile Cameo Floral Aquamarine Blue Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches And Pins December Birthstone ||	  Love it!  I love this broach! I actually bought this Scottie pin as a Miniature Schnauzer pin for me to wear in honor of my schnauzer, Benny. It's so cute and I've received lot's of compliments on it. The only problem I've had is that the finish on it does scratch easily. Since it came in a nice gift box I just put the broach right back in the box as soon as I take it off. Other than that I love it. <end>  Adorable!  Absolutely adorable, spiffy little scotty. I love to wear with my plaid jacket.Watch the finish on this pin, however, it will scratch easily. <end>
 B000BDCMHA  3D Sterling Silver African Elephant and Tusks Cufflinks ||	  They were ok...  To be honest, I wasnt sure what I was going for...but wanted them for my husband who is an alabama fan. The elephants are a little small and look more pewter than silver. Husband hasnt used them yet...but again was trying to find something that was like fan-gear. <end>
 B000BEROPE  Natural Leaf Gold-plated Earrings, 'Forest Duet' ||	  "Forest Duet"  I knocked off a star because I never found the 24kt gold stamp. Other than that, though, these earrings are versatile--for casual or formal wear. The picture is close to what I received, but my pair has less substance where the actual leaf is. Put simply, it's not a solid leaf. The electroplating process eats most of the leaf away, leaving only the main veins and the smaller veins that feed into the main ones. The earrings are still quite pretty, though...I wear them often. <end>
 B000BEY4J8  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 10mm Princess cut Yellow Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 2mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Beautiful, absolutely stunning  I bought this ring for a dear friend of mine, and her birthstone was very hard to find in a nice setting, so I settled for this yellow cubic zirconia substitute. She sent me a picture of it on her finger, and I must say, JOB WELL DONE. Whoever designed this setting was great at their work. For a ring that is only $30, I am astonished with how beautiful it is. I was honestly expecting something dinky, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised. I scoured amazon for weeks before I settled on this particular ring, it has a timeless design to it, and is simple yet elegant, and something a young gal can wear without feeling like she's wearing the world on her finger. I myself have a ring similar to this, but paid much more for it and did not get the lovely side inlay on the sides of the main center stone. Beautiful, I would get it ladies and gentlemen.If you are still iffy, I can tell you it is a great buy for those looking for a decent gift that's fairly within budget. Not too cheap nor too expensive. I don't feel cheap giving this to my best friend, and you shouldn't shy away! I myself am very hard to please with jewlelry because I own so many different pieces, but this one shouldn't be overlooked.Of course, not every ring is made exactly the same, and some of you may have had a problem with how the stone was set and all, but that is the simple flaw of the production. One little claw not positioned correctly and the stone falls at an odd angle. <end>  Nice, pretty, simple  I really like this ring. The color of the citrine is slightly lighter than in the photo. It's a lighter golden yellow, but very pretty. I don't think it's too big at all. The center stone is a nice size but the band is smaller giving it a more delicate look. I think it was a good buy. True to size, sparkling, lovely color. <end>  Please don't buy!!!  Please do not buy this ring. It is much lighter than it is in the picture, and actually looks yellow instead of the gold color that it should be. In person, this ring looks very cheap and is smaller than in the picture. Trust me, do not buy this ring. <end>  Disappointed  Shipping was quick and it was packaged in cute little round ring box with green bow.However, the color of the stone is a light yellow, not the honey champagne color depicted on the webpage. The size 5 I ordered is more like a 6.5, way too big! It's too expensive to return because of shipping costs.Very disappointed. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I wanted a birthstone ring, and I am so pleased with this one. The quality is very good, and it's more beautiful than the picture. I was concerned about it being a little too big and gaudy, but it isn't at all. The size is consistent also. The stone may be a little lighter in color than the picture, but it's still very beautiful and I love how it catches the light. Just can't say enough good about this ring! <end>  Very pretty  This ring is awesome. It is very pretty and the diamonds looke real. I have gotten compliments on the ring. <end>  Beautiful Ring  I purchased this to wear as a cocktail ring and it is beautiful! It's not too large or too small, just right. I'm very picky about ring and stone size, but this was nearly perfect. The stone setting lies on your finger, so you can't very easily wear it with another ring (or a band). <end>  Gorgeous!  This lovely ring looks magnificent on. I was stunned by the size and clarity of the stone. I bought it because Citrine is the November birthstone and both of my children were born in November. I have gotten so many compliments! More than I have ever gotten on any other piece of jewelry. I don't see how you could go wring giving this as a gift to any woman with a November birthday. <end>  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 10mm Princess cut Citrine Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 2mm Band Ring Size 5  It's beautiful, fits perfectly and arrived in record time. It has the look and feel of a much more expensive ring. I love it! <end>  Disappointed, but will try their product again  The setting was bent, the stone was cocked /crooked at a funny angle,it just appeared cheap (yes I know it is cheap) but I expected more for $20 sumthin... but I am going to try them again and order synthetic citrine earrings, I love gemstones and don't mind fakes, as long as they look like quality. <end>  Beautiful ring  I love this ring so much. I mainly bought it cause im sick of fake jewlery and this is far from fake. I love how it shines and my my and look pretty and it's my boyfriends birthstone so it reminds me of him. It's my favorite piece of jewlery and i can wear it with anything, and i get so many compliments on it. Glad i bought it <end>  love it!!  I really love this ring...especially for the price. It looks real without looking too gaudy or cheap. I wear it in place of my wedding ring at work and have gotten nothing but compliments. It does however, run a little small....so definately get a bigger size. It beats the cost of the real deal!! <end>  Beautiful!!!!  My husband got this for me for mothers day. I love it!!! It is my daughters birthstone. I need to have it sized a little because I need a half size. But I cant wait to wear it. Its sparkles sooo much! It looks like it cost a lot more than it did!! Great ring!! <end>  Add this to your collection  The ring is $23.99 and the shine is amazing.It has clear little stones on the side and a very attractive yellow center piece.If you have women in your life that are going to be wearing anything yellow you have to add this to your arsenal.The woman was happy when she saw it, hopefully yours will too. <end>  Color is not authentic to most Citrines  The ring seems to run a little small as I cannot wear it on my ring finger. The yellow is not as warm as most citrines - it just looks fake. I will be giving to one of my daughters as I cannot wear it. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful Ring!  Please don't listen to the negative comments about this ring. I found the sizing to be spot on and the ring looks exactly like the pic (Except it shines more) I think the other reviewers thought it was the sex in the city remake ring. The color is so rich and it shines like the sun ;) It's my baby girl's birthstone and I wear this ring proudly! It's a little big but its so far from gaudy. I've gotten LOTS of compliments already. The price is a steal! You'll love this ring! <end>  You HAVE to buy this!  This ring has both the quality AND the look of a $500+ ring. The stones are flawless and beautiful. The fit is perfect! It is breathtaking and so beautiful. If you don't buy this, you will regret it! <end>  I wouldn't trade it for the world!  I have to say this ring is now my favorite out of all my jewelry. I searched the internet for two months looking for a anything citrine, found this ring and fell in love with it. Fast shipping. No complaints at all. <end>  Beyond Amazed!  I am extremely happy with this ring. My boyfriend purchased this for me after I fell in love with it online. Shipping was outstanding. Size and color are accurate, exactly what I wanted. Beautiful, feminine - a head turner. I cannot believe such quality for the price! I also got the earrings that Gem Avenue offers that match this ring.Nickel Free 7 MM Princess Cut Citrine Cubic Zirconia .925 Sterling Silver Post Stud Earrings <end>  Loved it!  I purchased two, one for me and one for my 24 year old daughter. They were both our favorites! It is sparkly, beautiful and after wearing it for a few months is has not lost it's shine. The size was true to size also. We would totally recommend! <end>  Just perfect!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous! The stone is brighter than in the picture and it sparkles beautifully, I love it! It's just perfect. <end>  BEAUTIFUL RING!!!!!!!!!!  I got this ring because it is MY birthstone! I have had it since December 2010. I have got many comments on the ring! Some people thought that it was a yellow diamond, buy the way it sparkles; and not it's color. If the sun catches it, little rainbows shoot around the room. It is very pretty;you should not pass on this; (I do not know what ring the people that complained got because the ring looks just like the picture). <end>  Beautiful  I love it!!! True to size, bright sparkling gem, great gem size. Came in a cute little present box with fast delivery. Will defiantly order from them again. <end>  WOW  When I first saw it, I was amazed at how beautiful it is. The gem is big but it does not look cheesy. I usually like small dainty gem on my rings. This one is huge and it sparkles very nicely. The setting is beautiful. The only thing is the color is not what it portrays in the picture. It is more of a deep yellow, not orange brown as shown in the picture. Nevertheless, it is a beautiful ring. I can't believe the price. <end>  great buy  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 10mm Princess cut Yellow Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 2mm was bought for my teenage daughter and she loves it. Nice buy. <end>
 B000BEZXFW  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 10mm Princess Cut Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish 2mm Band Womens Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  nice ring for the money  The ring is pretty and sparkly. The stone is bigger than I thought it would be, so it's not as dainty as I was hoping for-I was just wanting a simple ring that I could wear a lot, but it's too big for daily wear (for my style). It came in good condition and was shipped quickly. <end>  Beautiful!  A beautiful ring, I got it in August and by November it's become slightly tarnished.  ( <end>  Very nice and delicate looking.  I got this as a gift for myself. It came today and I am thrilled. It is very nice and tasteful. It is holding up very nicely and I get many compliments. I am very happy. Can't wait to get paid so I can find some more. lolNow several months later i can tell you the ring appears to have dulled some. I am thinking if i clean it good maybe it will get some of the shine back in the stones. I wll let you know. <end>  Gorgeous and came really fast!  All I have to say is wow. This ring is seriously gorgeous. It fits great, and when I ordered it, they told me the estimated shipping date would be Nov. 19-24. I got it today, the 18th, so I was pleasantly surprised. My sister thinks it's really nice too, and says it has a lot of shine and sparkle to it. Great produce, and the company is very reliable and fast! <end>  Great Price for a Beautiful Ring  I bought this ring after having my son because my wedding ring didn't fit. I love this ring. It fits beautifully and looks fantastic. This ring is well worth the money. The size does run a little big but I anticipated that and it fits great. The coloring is nice. It doesn't entirely look like a real diamond but that's to be excepted for what it is and the price. Definitely worth purchasing. <end>  Eh  It doesn't quite look the same as it does in the picture and the sizing (to me) seemed to be somewhat bigger than the size I had asked for. <end>  beautiful ring!!!  so worth the money this is stunning! yes you can tell its not real but its still very pretty. <end>  Great ring  My small daughter wanted to give my wife a nice affordable ring and we decided on this one. To make a short story long, my wife loves the way it looks and the way it is made. <end>  This ring is gorgeous. my friends are jealous of my new "sparkly Diamond" for christmas parties. I just grin and say thank you!!  All my friends are curious and jealous of my sparkly new christmas party ring!! I smile and say THANK YOU!!!I couldn't love it more if it was real diamonds And my friends think it is =) <end>  Looks Fake  The size and shape are beautiful, but after one day the side stones look dark with no shine. Not impressed. <end>  Nice pretty ring but doesn't have much sparkle  It's a very nice ring with a nice big stone but it doesn't have much sparkle to it. You have to get in just the right light for it to sparkle otherwise it's a fairly flat looking stone. I was a little disappointed in it and was hoping it looked a little more real. <end>  Love it  Love this ring, water it all, the time. I have gotten great comments on it, and suits my larger hands <end>  Unbelievable!  I bought this just as a promise ring for the time being and it is absolutely wonderful! It doesn't turn fingers green. The only con is that the gem is kind of over exaggerated but luckily my girlfriend loves to stand out! It's a steal! <end>  Great Ring for it's price!  This was a great ring for it's price and served me well through the end of my pregnancy. I did not want to be without my wedding band through my pregnancy and my finger had become rather large. I was having trouble finding a large enough fake in the store so I got this ring and loved it. Hope to use it for all my pregnancies if my finger turns GIANT again. <end>  Very Pretty!  I ordered this ring because my 9 year old son didn't like the ring I originally ordered. He looked through all the rings on Amazon and this is the one he picked. It came in the cutest little box with a bow on top and it was shipped and delivered in a timely fashion. I gave it 4 stars only because it is a bit bigger then I thought it would be. That being said it does look somewhat fake. It fits my hand and finger perfectly and perhaps after some time it will become a bit less shiny and it could possibly look more like a real diamond. All in all this is a beautiful ring with a lot of bling for a great price. Also it shouldn't tarnish or turn your skin colors since its stainless steel. I would recommend this to any of my friends and family!! <end>  Awesome Product  I'm amazed at the quality and craftsmanship displayed in this product; at this price, a better ring can not be found. I thoroughly enjoy looking at it, but better yet, my girlfriend does. She can not believe this ring was bought at such a low price, and describes it as "sparkly, glittery, and perfect." Choose this ring, and you can not go wrong. <end>  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 10mm Princess Cut Ring  Item arrived in a timely fashion and I was surprised to see it was more brillantly stylish than advertized! I am very pleased with my order and would reccomend to anyone to order this item! <end>  marvelous  Very good price and very pretty ring, I love every detail of it and the way it came ws very pretty too strongly recommend <end>  very pretty  This ring is very beautiful but the square stone is rather larger than it seems on the photo, i got it for a promise ring but its a little to fancy shamcy to wear on the left hand it will do perfect for the right! very nice though!! <end>  i love amazon  wow i searched so many sites its crazy and finally i decide to go to my amazon.com account and i find the absolute perfect ring for my girlfriend i couldnt be more happy and i know she will be too as soon as i give it to her!!!! this is my second purchase and everything with the last purchase went very smoothly and i am sure that this one will be no different.Thank you amazon.com!! omg i love this ring!! <end>  Very attractive  This ring is a beautiful addition to any jewelry collection. I get many complments on the cut, style, and sparkle. It looks so real unless you are an expert or look real close, you wouldn't know it is CZ.Great price and I would highly recommend this ring. I wish it came in half and quarter sizes, but, otherwise would not change a thing. I received it nicely packaged and in less than a week of ordering. <end>  I love this ring!  For the price, I couldn't ask for a better ring. I've had it for about a year now and it still sparkles. Fits perfectly and doesn't turn my finger green like some cheap rings. I love it! <end>  sterling silver princess cz ring  This ring is really beautiful. It is not too big or too small. Has lots of shine. <end>  Super fast shipping  The ring looks exactly like it does in the picture and was sent out immediately. I received it a couple of days after I ordered it. Great vendor. <end>  The Ring Looks Beautiful.  The ring looks beautiful.GEM AVENUE is an excellent,trustworthy Amazon seller.I will buy more items from the Amazon seller ''GEM AVENUE'' in the future.Thank You very much. <end>  Nice  Very beautiful ring but just too big for my taste and hand. Would've kept it otherwise. <end>  Not As Pictured  I purchased this ring because of the way it was presented. It is not what I thought it would be. It looks cheap and the band is very thin. I would definitely not recommend this to anyone. <end>  Pretty Cool  I wouldn't say that this ring is amazing but its definitely nice. I wear it pretty often, but I don't really get any compliments on it because you can tell it's fake (well maybe not to the untrained eye).REgardless, I like it a lot. <end>  I love this ring!!  I ordered this ring less than a month ago and I love it! I get compliments on it every day I wear it. Everyone loves it. <end>  Nice but big  The stone in this ring is far bigger than we anticipated and my wife doesn't like it because it is so big, it makes quite a flash, and since it is a CZ ring, she feels like it is trying to make a statement that we have more $ than we do.It is very pretty though, if you like big square stones. <end>
 B000BF5FDQ  Faberge Style eggs ||	  jewelry  The product was exactly as presented and am well satisfied with the quality and price. Received product on schedule. <end>
 B000BFLNLY  NFL Logo GOLD Double GEM Belly Ring - Denver Broncos ||	  Great  The charm is a little heavy but is comfortable enough to wear all day on game day. The logo is clear and you can tell what it is at a glance. I get compliments on it all the time. The best team in the NFL. It looks very good in, high quality. <end>
 B000BG07C4  Pearl earrings, 'White Ruffled Hoops' 2.6" W 5.1" L ||	  WOW  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE THESE EARRINGS! IT IS LIKE WEARING ART IN YOUR EAR. I GET STOPPED ALL THE TIME PEOPLE WHO ASK ABOUT THESE EARRINGS. I EVEN ONCE HAD A LADY I DIDNT EVEN KNOW SHOUT ACROSS A STORE TELLING ME {I LOVE YOUR EARRINGS!}THESE EARRINGS ARE VERY GIRLY GIRL AND YOU CAN WEAR THEM WITH ANY THING, I MOST OF THE TIME WEAR THEM WITH MY JEANS. LADIES DONT MISS OUT ON THESE PRETTY EARRINGS. THANKS VAMP <end>
 B000BGQEAS  Pearl ring, 'Full Moon in Orbit' 8 (US Ring size) ||	  Orbiting moons  This ring is really fun. It does look like the pearls are orbiting moons (it helps if you've read Sci-Fi/Fantasy). It's comfortable to wear (I wouldn't wear it on a little finger). <end>
 B000BGT9OG  Cupid on Enameled Black Heart Coin Purse Locket Magnetic Necklace ||	  lol  I like it and wear it a lot, but the only wierd thing about it is that the head of the angel seems to be chopped off. lol <end>
 B000BGUY68  Pearl and peridot torsade necklace, 'River of Green' ||	  Metallic gold with shades of green  The amazon picture does not show that there is gold thread woven in with the green silk, which gives the necklace a truly beautiful sheen and sparkle. There are a lot of different shades of green in this necklace, from olive, to forest, to light, to dark. There are also beautiful variations of stones, pearls, and glass beads, all in different shapes and sizes, some are faceted and some are smooth. The total effect is that of a glittering golden/bronze/greenish hue that goes well with many colors in the wardrobe. Since I'm a cool-toned women I was afraid it would be overly warm-toned and look bad with my skin-coloring, but there's enough different colors going on that it looks great. This necklace is unique and lovely and I will wear it with pride. <end>  Lovely necklace  The sage silk strings beautifully hold each stone. The necklace sits snug just below the throat, somewhere closer to a choker than a hanging necklace. The color is a nice mixed hue of sage and forest. This necklace is very elegant with a hint of funkiness making it perfect for a formal or informal event. Comes in a beautifully wrapped box with a little booklet from the creator of this piece. <end>
 B000BHEQ0W  TOTALLY ICED OUT 2PAC DINGLING DOGTAG STYLE Pendant w30" Chain bling ||	  Iced Out  Thank you for the nice pendant chain necklace,I receive many good compliments from family and friends. <end>
 B000BID8LO  Pugster Unisex Hip Hop Style Crystal Disco Ball Ball Friendship Bracelets Adjustable Bluecrystal Swarovski Crystal Stone Balls Bracelet (36 Colors To Choose From) ||	  VERY PRETTY  VERY GOOD VALUE AFTER COMPARING OTHER PRICES. PERHAPS IT COULD BE A BIT LARGER FOR A LARGER WRIST. <end>
 B000BID8MS  Pugster Amethyst Round Purple February Birthstone Swarovski Crystal Dangle Earrings Gift For Women ||	  Very happy  I gave this item to a "dolphin lover" for her birthday. She was concerned because she has sensitive ears. She had absolutely no problem with these earrings and she loved them. Great choice for me!! <end>
 B000BID8PK  Pugster February Purple Lathy Leaf Elegant Swarovski Crystal Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty little earrings  Earrings arrived pretty much exactly as pictured in prefect condition. As a plus, Pugster also included a 25% off coupon. Pretty earrings, very wearable. <end>  Very Cute  These earrings look nice and were delivered very quickly. They will make a great Christmas gift. <end>
 B000BIGLUY  Pugster Dog's Head European Beads Fit Pandora Chamilia Biagi Charm Bracelet ||	  SUPER!  THE BRACELET IS BEAUTIFUL. MY WRISTS ARE VERY SMALL AND IT FITS FINE, BUT FOR SOMEONE WITH LARGER WRISTS, IT COULD BE TO TIGHT. <end>
 B000BIGLZE  Pugster Black Circle April Birthstone Clear Crystal Hoop Earrings ||	  Incredible service!  These earrings arrived within 2 days across half the country! Good packaging. Will use again! <end>  Very happy customer  The service was terrific and I have received numerous compliments on these earrings. I wear them every day. I mean, for four bucks, if I lose one I can replace it without feeling guilty about it. I am a very satisfied customer. <end>
 B000BIPHYK  Pugster Sterling Silver Sunflower Yellower Swarovski Crystal Pendant Necklace ||	  Awesome & gorgeous  Doesn't get any more beutiful than this. I make jewelry from authentic Murano glass from Verona, Italy & you can't tell the difference. This piece is outstanding & could be the real deal. It's almost flawless & comes from an incredible seller. The price is outstanding & can't be beaten on the American market. But the item for sure. <end>
 B000BIPI12  Pugster Murano Glass Purple Round Necklace Pendant ||	  You should buy this Item  Very Nice and is very beautiful. Love the quality and the seller is very professional in the way they conduct business. It arrived ahead of schedule and is well worth your money. <end>
 B000BIRAD6  Pugster Handcrafted Butterfly Clear Crystal Earrings Animal Stud ||	  earrings..  Cute earrings. However, they're much more lavendar than blue. That's my one disappointment. I didn't thinking I was buying purple earrings. <end>
 B000BIUBM8  Zodiac Sign Sagittarius Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Poor Condition  I love what I got but the item failed me both ends of the barbell are not screwing in. They fell off during the first wear. <end>
 B000BIVSUM  PSYCHEDELICH Black STAR Acrylic Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Mmmhmmm.  It's a cute tongue ring and the balls hardly ever come unscrewed when they're not suppose to. Yup. <end>
 B000BIVT92  Black and White Star Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Decent Quality Metal Piercing Jewelry  There's not a lot to say about this item, but I will include these points - End stays screwed on relatively well- Nice quality; not easily damaged- Does not irritate or inflame piercing- Not uncomfortable to wear <end>
 B000BIVTYC  Black Anodized Titanium Crystalline Gem Doorknocker Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  False advertised, potential health hazard  I recieved this item and before I even got it in my mouth the 'doorknocker' came off. Then i wore it, and noticed, my black suppossedly anadozied barbell had all these silver flecks in it. The Paint had been coming off in my mouth and Ive been swallowing it. This product is neither anadized Nor titanium. It was stainless steel with black paint on it. It is falsely advertised, and brings about serious health concerns in regard to potential lead in the paint. Seller has not returned any of my emails in regard to this matter. <end>
 B000BIXJ2M  Neon Green Glow in the Dark Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Have not recieved product  I have several item from this seller "Body Candy" and after three weeks still have not recieved my purchsed items. I feel cheated. I have on several occation tried to contact the seller and have not yet recieved a reply. <end>
 B000BIXJHC  90% Angel and 10% Devil Hologram Logo Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  Just your typical piercing jewelry  There's not a lot to say about this item, but I will include these points - End stays screwed on relatively well- Not very prone to damage / cracking- Does not irritate or inflame tongue- Not uncomfortable to wear <end>
 B000BIZOR0  Single Black Dice Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  its pretty neat.  I luv the way it looks when I talk, people have complimented me on it too.  ] <end>
 B000BJIXCM  Organic-Styled Sculptual Sterling Silver "Love" Ring ||	  Disappointed  This ring began to tarnish within 5 hours of my first wearing it. I am aware that certain chemicals in the body may react to metal, but I have never had any issue with sterling silver before. So, the fact that my finger turned green and the ring turned black made me think this wasn't real silver. When I attempted to clean the ring with a silver cleaning cloth, the ring turned a strange white color. I will not be purchasing anything from this vendor again, because I do not believe they are selling real sterling silver. <end>  still too small  ordered a size larger than I would usualy wear, after reading the last review, and it still doesn't fit. I want to send it back but then I will have to pay for shipping and they say that you need to put insurance on it if you are sending it back  ( <end>  Too small  Ordered size 10, but did not fit. Other rings size 10 fit fine, however this one is just too small. Have to send it back  ( <end>  &#34;love&#34; this ring  i wear it on my middle finger. i love that it says love and it fits nicely on my finger and looks pretty. a great gift for any age, <end>
 B000BJNK4I  14K White Gold 5/8 ct. Princess Cut Diamond Earrings ||	  Love these  Beautiful earrings, a little less classical than most diamond drop earrings that I have seen on Amazon, so they look great with an evening dress and great with jeans, heels and a jacket during daytime. They feel solid, are well done. My husband was a bit sceptical when seeing them on the website but was convinced when I wore them for the first time. I bought them at a discount for USD 370 and they are certainly worth that. Arrived perfectly within the estimated shipping time as well. <end>
 B000BK1MTM  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Ring, Size 5 ||	  One of my First Experiences with Amazon  I love this ring and wear it all the time. My friend bought one after seeing mine... the cost was great... I've had the ring for about 5 years... and its in great shape...its an old friends now. No discolor. I love it and am still jumping for joy all these years later. <end>  Oh my God...lovely ring  This is a beutiful ring. Its a bit thick and wide so seems a bit smaller than the other size 6 rings I have. I wear this ring only in winters. In summers, my fingers swell a bit  ) <end>  Beautiful but small  I ordered this ring in a size 5 and it is beautiful but did not fit. I wear a size 4 3/4 and couldn't get it over my knuckle. Well I probably could have but would have had to cut it off. Definitely order it big. I sent mine back and still haven't heard about my refund. Didn't feel like I should pay return shipping since I ordered the correct size, it just wasn't sized true. Order at least 1/2 size larger than needed. Still waiting on my refund though. <end>  Great!  The item looked exactly as it was shown in the picture. It has a great quality and workmanship. I was very happy with the product. <end>
 B000BKCHCS  Organic-Styled Sculptual Sterling Silver "Strength" Ring ||	  Very nice piece  This is a lovely ring. It is actually more impressive looking that the picture represents. I would suggest that you order a full size larger than what you normally wear, as the ring seems to run rather small. If there had been "free shipping", I would have gone for the five stars. <end>  Where it everyday  Great ring, got here fast. I wear it everyday and does not turn my finger colors. <end>  Love IT!!  I ordered this ring for my friend...I fell in love with it...came back online and ordered one for myself <end>  Great ring!!!  This is a great ring to wear as a reminder to have strength or even faith in your own strength. I wear it daily even though I've lost weight and it no longer fits the finger I originally bought it for. I've had it for over a year and it shows no signs of tarnish at all. I highly recommend this ring for any one and all ages. <end>  Wouldn't Recommend It...  I would not recommend this ring to anyone in their right minds. The ring itself turned black and then started rusting over within the first week of having it. I wouldn't waste my money.. <end>
 B000BKV1CK  Cleaver Lapel Pin ||	  Pefect "Chopped" Lapel Pin from Jim Clift Design  Purchased this from Jim Clift Design, Inc via Amazon. Shipped immediately and packaged quite well. Picutre of pin is accurate. Purchased for a co-worker who had been "chopped" from her company. She loved it! <end>
 B000BKY95G  Bald Eagle Lapel Pin ||	  I am an eagle addict!  Ever since I began watching the Decorah eagles on UStream, I have become an eagle addict. This pin was perfect and matched description, but I needed a larger one with a little more bling, so that's my fault. Hats off to the seller, though! <end>
 B000BKY988  Saw Lapel Pin ||	  Good gift for a carpenter  This item is just what it was indicated to be. I am pleased with the item, but would have prefered to have one in gold color. <end>
 B000BKY99M  Brain Lapel Pin ||	  so cute  I love this pin. I have one in my car, and one on my labcoat. Good quality, fair price. What else can I say? It's a BRAIN PIN! <end>
 B000BKYTSI  Swarovski Pink Aurora Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Good while it lasted!  this ring is honestly one of the cutest i've ever bought... the only problem was that it had fairly loose ends, which needed more tightening than usual compared to what i'm used to... as a result i lost both of the crystal ends, but still have the ring itself. it was truly a great belly ring while i had it!! <end>  poor quality  The day i got this ring it broke. One of the gems fell out. terrible ring <end>
 B000BKYTTM  Pink Checker Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Don't like this style.  I got this to try out this style bellyring and I didn't like it at all. This looks very cheap. <end>
 B000BKYTVA  Layered Striped White Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Cute, but Poor Quality  The belly ring was very cute and looked great, but it was poorly made and broke within a few days. <end>
 B000BKYTX8  Tropical Jade Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Okay  I do not like this item bc when you put on pants or a shirt the balls have a chance of getting stuck or falling off. The seller was great about shipping and a timely response. The product just was not worth it. <end>
 B000BKYTXI  Sangaria De Parcha Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Missing piece  When I got this, it had a piece missing! How do they expect the thing to stay on w/ no ball on the end. I don't recommend it.. <end>  Nice buy  Its a great ring to have! No problems with it so far. Had it for about 6 months now. The only thing is, is if you don't want it to hang a little then don't get it. Its a little larger than what I was used to. But overall good ring! <end>
 B000BL0DTQ  Black Funky Flower Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  DEFECTIVE  So I get my belly button ring, and guess what? it was tinyyyyy and also when i tried it on the first time one of the LITTLE balls broke... yes it broke when i was trying to put it back, It was not even in completly so it was not tight.... Bad bad product <end>
 B000BL2BC8  Patriotic American Hypnotic Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Fast shipping, high quality  I've worn this a few times and I didn't have too much of a problem with it. I was worried that it would stick out too far and make things uncomfortable. But I didn't have that problem.Overall, I think this was a good quality bellybutton ring for the price. I've never had a problem with Body Candy. <end>
 B000BL2BGO  Red Black American Flag Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  love it  This was one of my favorite belly rings. Comfortable, doesn't irritate my skin. Looks and fits good.Definitely recommend this ring. <end>  Red & Black American Flag Belly Ring  The flag is too hard to depict. But it is comfortable to wear. Wish I had gotten the balls in one color rather than flag style. <end>
 B000BL46X0  Purple Miracle Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  I have serious METAL ALLERGIES & these were GREAT  I ordered a batch of these together. I was a few cents shy of the free shipping & the seller was awesome enough to go ahead & give it to me, & we're talking $9+ worth of free shipping. TOTALLY cool to deal with. Fast shipping & the items themselves are perfect. They are as detailed in the sales description. The beads are vibrant, as I have the green, red & purple. This is a great product & seller & I would certainly buy again. <end>
 B000BL470C  Swarovski Emerald Aurora Double Gem Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Love it  I love this belly ring. I have lost the balls to it, but it was one of my favorite ever belly rings. <end>
 B000BL470W  Purple Aurora Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Love purple, but pink is good  These studs are low-cost and really cute. I get compliments on them all the time at school and work. They were well-worth the purchase. <end>  Broke  The first time I tried to put on the belly ring, it broke. One ball is the side you untwist to put the ring on and off and the other ball is permanently attached. The side that is supposed to be permantly attached broke off. I superglued it back on but it's disappointing that I should have to do that with something that is brand new. Granted, the belly ring was only a couple of dollars but I'd rather pay more for something and get a product with some quality. <end>
 B000BL471G  Pink Aurora Ball Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  Awsome  Bought a set of 2 ,,and used as nipple rings instead ,,,works great and looks awsome <end>  Dull  Pink wasn't as bright as it shows here, very, VERY dull infact, like a baby pink. <end>
 B000BL472A  Baby Blue Lime Hypnotic Spiral Twister Belly Ring ||	  bought as a gift  I bought this as a gift for my sister, and she thought it was really cool <end>
 B000BM4U8K  14k Two-Tone Hinged Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Great earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift for a friend who had been looking for gold huggie earrings for a long time. She loves them, and says they are very comfortable. <end>
 B000BM715E  14k Yellow Bezel Set Drop Gemstone Necklace - 16 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Very cute necklace  This is very cute necklace.I love this, and I wear this every day.It looks more delicate in person (stones are about 3-4mm each), and that's the part I like about it. The chain is a faceted bead chain(very small), which adds a little sparkle around your neck as you move.I own this necklace almost a year now, and I get many compliments on it anywhere I go.----Now,it's been almost 3 years since I bought this neckrace and I'm adding some more words to this review.I'm still wearing this everyday basis, and had absolutely NO probrem...breaking or tangling or anything!!They are still sparkly same way, and people still keep giving compliments on it wherever I go.I believe this is one of the best investment I've ever made. <end>
 B000BM96DO  14k Yellow Bezel Set Station Gemstone Necklace - 16 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Not What I Expected  The necklace is very very small. The gold part of the necklace was thin and unsubstantial and the gems were practically microscopic. It cost over $100. This experience turned me off to buying jewelry without seeing it first. <end>
 B000BM96DY  14k Yellow Bezel Set Drop Gemstone Necklace - 18 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  Gemstone Necklace  I love the necklace. It goes with everything. Many, many compliments! Process of ordering and receipt excellent. <end>
 B000BME08A  PI Lapel Pin ||	  Nice small gift for colleagues  I purchased these lapel pins for the male teachers at my school. Well made and attractive. The artist also makes pi earrings out of pewter for women. <end>  Stylish and Fun Pi Pin  I bought several of these to share with friends who celebrate Pi Day. The pins look great and I received several compliments from my nerdy friends. <end>  Excellent purchase!  This item was an excellent example of workmanship. It is just what I needed to make sure that all of our grade-level math instructors had a "piece of Pi" for tomorrow. <end>
 B000BMFV7Y  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMHOBA  14k Yellow 1.5 mm Singapore Link Anklet - 10 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  very pretty, but I had to repair the clasp twice  this is a very delicate ankle bracelet and the clasp easily snags. i've had the clasp fixed twice already and if i have another issue, i'm going to get a new clasp. a little dissapointing since this was kind've pricy for an ankle bracelet. I had expected it to be better made for the bigger price. it's probably ok if you just wear it on occasion instead of constantly like i do. <end>
 B000BMHU6E  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMHU6Y  Sterling Silver Italian Pallini Bead Ball Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Not Great Quality  This necklace (which I bought as a gift) started to discolor within the first couple weeks of regular use. The silver started to flake off and show a pinkish material underneath. The whole thing was thrown away within six months. <end>
 B000BMICZ2  Earrings - E125 - Swarovski Crystal Flower Drop ~ Black Diamond (Gray / Grey) ||	  Horrible  Horrible product, is very cheap and the coloring is terrible. I wouldn't recommed this to anyone. <end>
 B000BMQP10  Sterling Silver O Earrings ||	  Tiffany inspired Silver O earrings  This item came very nicely packaged which I appreciated. What I did not like however was when I tried to take off one of the earring backs, it broke off after a gentle tug. I was not impressed with the quality of this product in realtion to it's cost. <end>
 B000BOCDBY  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings 4 mm Black Color 1/2 cttw Brilliant Cut ||	  These are awesome!  Not only do these look nice, but they are the only earrings I own that I can sleep with and I can't even tell they are there. <end>  Superbe!  Les boucles d'oreilles sont tr&egrave;s jolies, tr&egrave;s discr&egrave;te comme je le souhaitais et tr&egrave;s agr&eacute;ables. De plus elle m'ont &eacute;t&eacute; envoy&eacute;e tr&egrave;s rapidement. Je suis ravie! <end>  Favorite  These are my favorite earrings! I have seven holes in one ear and three in the other and I use these earrings in all except two. I don't take them out, except the bottoms ones if I decide to wear dangly earrings out and they have lasted me at least a year before a back falls out when I'm sleeping. I've had to replace a few lost ones over the last three years since I started wearing them, but like I said I wear them all the time and don't take them out unless I have to for x-rays or something. <end>  Much smaller than I expected  These ear rings are much smaller than I expected, they are very small really. Not suitable for children either because of the size of the "stick" which is very long. <end>
 B000BP5SGK  Laugh Often, Live Well, Love Much Inspirational Beaded Silver Tone Stretch Bracelet Set ||	  Nice  Made a really nice Christmas gift for a roommate who loves this saying. It was just as advertised. Thank you. <end>
 B000BP6Z94  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Terrific bracelet!  I really am enjoying this bracelet (which I just received this week) - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage. The bracelet fits well and it's very comfortable. I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths, which are getting rare in silver. I highly recommend it. <end>  very nice necklace  I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it....it's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  Silver necklace  It's beautiful and just what I wanted. Shipping was fast. So far I have had no problems with it. <end>  Terrific bracelet!  I really am enjoying this bracelet (which I just received this week) - the 5.5 mm width is great for me - it shows the pattern on the herringbone and the shine of the silver to great advantage. The bracelet fits well and it's very comfortable. I love that Sabrina Silver has bracelets in 7 inch lengths, which are getting rare in silver. I highly recommend it. <end>  very nice necklace  I got this just before Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it....it's just so pretty and I have gotten many compliments on it. <end>  Silver necklace  It's beautiful and just what I wanted. Shipping was fast. So far I have had no problems with it. <end>
 B000BP7A0W  Sterling Silver Dark Brown Leather 18" Cord Chain Necklace ||	  Flimsy, cheap...  I received the package quickly and was initially satisfied with the product- until I tried wearing said chain... the tiny clasp is extremely awkward to use- VERY difficult to put together... and to top it off it just broke. DO NOT purchase this it is cheap! <end>
 B000BP8OO8  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 10.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  All about Bling  I was looking for a nice SS herringbone all over the internet and I never could find one that suited me. One was too small or was the wrong length. I did a search on herringbone necklaces and I was surprised when Amazon popped up on the screen. I didn't know Amazon had THE BLING I WANTED. The necklace is everything & more of the description. I LOVE IT AND I AM HAPPY WITH THE PIECE. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  This order of a herringbone necklace was quickly fulfilled and the merchandise is wonderful!! Many compliments have been received for this gift - from total strangers. Good job. <end>  All about Bling  I was looking for a nice SS herringbone all over the internet and I never could find one that suited me. One was too small or was the wrong length. I did a search on herringbone necklaces and I was surprised when Amazon popped up on the screen. I didn't know Amazon had THE BLING I WANTED. The necklace is everything & more of the description. I LOVE IT AND I AM HAPPY WITH THE PIECE. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  This order of a herringbone necklace was quickly fulfilled and the merchandise is wonderful!! Many compliments have been received for this gift - from total strangers. Good job. <end>
 B000BP8OOI  Sterling Silver Italian Magic Herringbone Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 10.5mm Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  All about Bling  I was looking for a nice SS herringbone all over the internet and I never could find one that suited me. One was too small or was the wrong length. I did a search on herringbone necklaces and I was surprised when Amazon popped up on the screen. I didn't know Amazon had THE BLING I WANTED. The necklace is everything & more of the description. I LOVE IT AND I AM HAPPY WITH THE PIECE. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  This order of a herringbone necklace was quickly fulfilled and the merchandise is wonderful!! Many compliments have been received for this gift - from total strangers. Good job. <end>  All about Bling  I was looking for a nice SS herringbone all over the internet and I never could find one that suited me. One was too small or was the wrong length. I did a search on herringbone necklaces and I was surprised when Amazon popped up on the screen. I didn't know Amazon had THE BLING I WANTED. The necklace is everything & more of the description. I LOVE IT AND I AM HAPPY WITH THE PIECE. <end>  Great piece of jewelry  This order of a herringbone necklace was quickly fulfilled and the merchandise is wonderful!! Many compliments have been received for this gift - from total strangers. Good job. <end>
 B000BPBES6  Sterling Silver Western Scroll Pattern Wedding Band ||	  Wow what a ring!  Very nice quality to go with reasonable price. Fast delivery....Thank You! <end>
 B000BQ4XA6  Pugster Size 7 Crashing Waves Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  Very nice  I have purchased a few things from Pugster, I am very happy with the ring very well made and is as described very stylish! <end>
 B000BQ50GC  Pugster Chinese Character Love Themed Holiday Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Cute  The charm was very cute and exactly what I was looking for. However, it was so small the picture wasn't really recognizable. This is not the manufacuture's fault. These types of charms are just naturally small and items with lots of details are typically hard to make out. <end>
 B000BQ7XVW  Titanium Ball Purple Cabachon Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Cute but...  This ring is comfortable and looks good in but the problem is when the top ball is screwed on all the way, the attachment for the charm is actually on the back of the ball, close to my stomach. The charm hangs off to the side slightly. It wasn't so bad that I wanted to return it but I found it pretty annoying. If you turn the charm like a quarter of the way so the attachment faces down like in the picture, the ball becomes too lose and falls off easily. This might have just been a problem with mine like a defect or something. Also the bottom ball is fixed and won't come off. <end>
 B000BQJILU  Sterling Silver Blue, Lavender & Aqua Crystal 9 to 10 inch Anklet Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Swarovski Crystal Ankle Bracelet  This bracelet caught my eye on the website, but the picture does not do it justice. It is very feminine and dainty in a way, yet the bracelet is strong and has a firm closure for a clasp.The crystals are so pretty and such a striking contrast to one another. The clarity of the crystals in surprising and very, very good.I would highly recommend this product and the seller. <end>  Beautiful Ankle Bracelet  The item came within a week and it is prettier than the picture. Great buy <end>  Beautiful Anklet  I love anything Swarovski. This anklet is prettier in person. Very dainty and feminine. I sleep, take a shower and do every day things with it on. I never take it off. I love it. Definitely would recommend this item to a friend. A must have. <end>  I fell in love all over again!  I've been wanting this anklet since...maybe April/May of this year. It looked so gorgeous online; when I saw it for the first time I fell in love. I never got around to buying it and many months passed by. My boyfriend got this for me as one of my birthday presents 2 weeks ago. It is so pretty in person. It is dainty and feminine like the other reviewers described it. I fell in love all over again. This is a beautiful anklet! <end>  beautiful  sturdy, not too heavy..and the design is like a water that flows! what a good way to wear jewelry, i would definitely buy more anklets! <end>  Pretty  It is very pretty and my daughter loved it. I will probably purchase myself a few closer to spring because I like wearing more than one anklet at a time. <end>  Lovely!  BDA009 Blue, Lavender & Aqua Genuine Crystals Sterling Silver Ankle Bracelet 9" 9.5" 10" Anklet MADE WITH SWAROVSKI ELEMENTSAs jewelry has always been a part of my personal creative expression, my essential wardrob; I now have a gorgeous blue, lavender, and aqua crystal sterling silver ankle bracelet that expresses my passions and my love for subtle, delicate pieces.Starting with gorgeous stones this ankle bracelet is filled with love, inspiration, presence and intention.It's a personal, intimate piece of jewelry coming from a love of all things beautiful, sensual, alluring, magical and wonderful.GEM AVENUE are true customer service professionals! They sent me the ankle bracelt I purchased very quickly! Purchasing from this seller was a truly professional experience! I will definitely turn to them again when I want something special to buy for myself or give as a gift!! <end>
 B000BQLXDQ  Black-Orange Hedgehog Belly Ring ||	  Cute, but delicate  This is a super cute belly ring, but the little orange rubber things tend to fall off with wearing. I'm a little too rough-and-tumble for this, but it was adorable while it lasted! <end>
 B000BQLXE0  Purple Vivid Butterfly Belly Ring ||	  defective belly button ring  This belly button ring was crooked,the butterfly was uneven. It is still wearable, but bothers me that it is not symmetric in shape. It was too inexpensive to ship back, so I guess you get what you pay for ! <end>
 B000BQM3FS  Daido 25-60 Chain Breaker ||	  Recommended  Excellent tool! Works great and should last a long time...Easy transaction. Recommended A+++ <end>  Piece of Junk  Piece of junk. Cannot push the pins out of #25 chain even though it says it is designed for just that use. The chain slips no matter if you use a vise, lock jaw, whatever. Don't buy this item. It does not work!! <end>
 B000BQO0XG  Citrine Gem Palm Tree Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Just like the rest  I got this wore it two days and the palm tree fell off. if you have any experience with belly rings this happens all the time. No big surprise, but i was disappointed. <end>  Great gift  Got this belly ring for my wife who recently had her navel repierced. It was perfect for her to sport round our hometown of Miami. She loved it and I loved it on her. <end>
 B000BR9G7A  Coral Color Beaded Dangling Heart Charm Toggle Bracelet ||	  Beautiful coral knockoff.  This bracelet looks like real coral stone. It has a toggle clasp and looks very elegant. Great for accessorizing without looking too flashy. Be careful with sizes though, if your wrist is bigger than 7 inches streching it (it does stretch a bit) might break it. <end>
 B000BRHBAE  Pink Crystal Peace Hope Heart Charm Stretch Bracelet ||	  Cute bracelet  I absolutely LOVE this bracelet! Its design is cute, it's sturdy, and I've gotten so many comments and "Where did you get that from?" while wearing it. <end>
 B000BRHBAO  Sterling Silver Garnet Egyptian Ankh Life Stud Earrings ||	  Great Gift  This product is by far the best workmanship i have yet to find. I have been wearing them for about a month straight and havent even lost a back will buy from this company in the future. <end>  symbol of life looks great with a gemstone  I have both the ankhs with the garnet and the ones with the amethyst stones. I'm waiting for Silver Insanity to place them on French hooks! <end>
 B000BRQ6RS  0.50 Ct.T.W. Round Brilliant Cut Diamonds, 14Kt. Yellow Gold. Diamond Ring Guard Enhancer (Center ring is NOT INCLUDED) ||	  Beautiful ring guard!  This ring guard is a beautiful setting for my mother's engagement ring. It shows it off and preserves it for one of my granddaughters. I would definitely purchase it again. <end>
 B000BSY548  $100 Casino Chip Logo Inlay Steel Belly Ring ||	  sooooo cute!!!!!!  i got this for a friend and for this cheap i was thinking it was just junk but i gave it a try and it is small i know it would not fit me because i need a bit longer ring but it was cute and very sturdy. i know this will last a long time. great for how much it is worth <end>  Cute!  Cute and afforable, loving wearing this belly button ring! Shipped in great time as well  )I would buy from them again! <end>
 B000BSZAS8  Blue Double Cabachon Banana Belly Ring ||	  Same as the kiosk in the mall, except for the price  I ordered eight navel rings, mostly out of curiosity Sapphire Blue GEM DRAGONFLY Belly Ring,Spiral Twister - Arctic Blast BEACH BALL Belly Button Ring,White Puprle PANDA BALL Belly Button Ring,Blue DOUBLE CABACHON Banana Belly Ring,Pink GLITTER Spiral Twister Belly Ring,Crystalline Gem DISCO BALL Glitter Belly Ring,Fuchsia Gem DAINTY BUTTERFLY Belly Button Ring, andWhite Clear PANADA BALL Belly Button Ring. Normally I buy them from the kiosk in the mall for $25-30 each. Sometimes the kiosk has a deal for when you spend a $100 or more, but even with the deal, they are terribly overpriced.THESE ARE THE SAME as the kind in the mall. Side by side, they are the same quality. They look the same, they feel the same, they are the same. The only difference is that they have not been handled by sales clerks and strangers in the mall. Oh, and the price is not the same.I've discovered that I go through these like earrings. Either a part falls off or catches on clothing and it's all over. All of my favorite ones have been ruined. One part is gone and they need to be thrown away. It's not good to get too 'attached.'I bought these from Body Candy. They arrived in a few days, much earlier than the date given on purchase, and the prices were excellent. <end>
 B000BT1D9W  Red Toxic Flame Belly Ring ||	  good quality ring  I was pretty happy with this ring. My piercing did not object to it and I wore for a month. My only complain is that it's not that obvious until you get very close that it's a flame ball. With all the black on the design, it can almost disappear into your piercing visually. <end>
 B000BT1DGA  Sapphire Blue Jeweled Swinger High Heel Sandal Belly Ring ||	  Sassy little ring  This goes great with your sassy attitude  ) It fits my personality and just a fun thing to wear besides the same ol' same ol' belly rings available. <end>
 B000BT1DN8  Top Dangle WHITE HANDCUFFS Dangle Belly Ring ||	  belly ring  the details are great on this product. The post is a little short and the curve on the bar is a little close to place the end ball to close the ring on your belly button. If you have a lot of skin between the to holes, you might have a hard time putting the ring on. My belly button hole is wide or deep and not shallow and it was difficute to put the ring on, once it was on it was neat looking and not uncomfortable as i thought it would be. It would be nicer if it was easyer to put on. The over all product and details are great and it looks nice. <end>
 B000BT5KTG  14K Yellow Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Earring Jackets (Highest Quality) ||	  Beautiful!  My new earring jackets are lovely! The box and presentation were very nice, but the diamonds in the jackets are very bright and beautiful. <end>
 B000BT97VI  Sterling Silver Black Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Fashion at an affordable price.  I love the earrings! Gem Avenue is a great seller. Wonderful quality/fast service. The earrings were exactly as the picture. <end>
 B000BTIHR8  Sterling Silver Snowman Earrings ||	  Better Than I Thought  Upon first opening the box of this item I immediately thought "what a piece of junk", mostly due to the presentation. This is my first jewelry purchase via mail, so I was expecting it to be in a pretty box. On close inspection these earrings are of good quality (but not worth the full price of 30 bucks). The surface and edges are very smooth. No nicks or flashes were detected. The product was stapled in a plastic bag back to back, avoiding scratches to the surfaces. The actual ear-loops are on the small size, so anyone with big earlobes will have problems. I applied some pressure to the head and torso to see if it would bend at the neckline - none at all. Overall, the product is well made and sturdy - well worth the %50 off. <end>
 B000BTLWNY  Pink Swarovski Crystal Silver Bookmark with Heart Charm ||	  Great Gift For Readers  These bookmarks are absolutely terrific. I've purchased a couple with the angel charm and one with the heart charm all with a different colored stone. This time around I purchased the cross charm with the pink stone. I wasn't sure if they would be in gold or silver, but it turned out to be silver which made the color of the stone stand out more. I was very pleased with the bookmarks and couldn't believe how great they looked for the price you pay. They look better in hand than in the pictures shown. Makes a great gift for any reader or for a journal or diary. <end>  Flimsy  Pretty flimsy bookmark for the amount of money. Jewel broke off immediately after purchase. It looked nicer in photo. <end>
 B000BU0CUW  Sterling Silver Cute Antique Style Elegant Red 12mm Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  elegant and fashionable  I bought these earrings for a friend as a gift on 12/24. She's very much into antiques and the like. When I saw them, I thought they fit her personality to a tee. She received them on 12/30 (super fast!) and told me that she liked them so much, she wore them on New Years Eve! She received many compliments and was thrilled. Now I may have to purchase some for myself! <end>  Beautiful antique earrings  I really love these earrings. They have a middle eastern antique look. The style and color are beatiful. <end>  Unique and Beautiful  I rated these earrings with only a 4 star because they weren't exactly what I expected on two counts. Although the picture accurately portrayed the size, I felt that the ruby bead was larger than expected in reality. I expected a dark red ruby, but instead it was more of a clear red glass bead. That being said, these are very attractive and unique earrings. Both the pairs that I bought will be great gifts. <end>  Cute and unique  I bought these as a suggestion from a friend. It ended up being an excellent idea. They look very good, they fit my style and they are unique. I wear them a lot, cause they are comfortable to put on and off and also to style. I get lots of compliments for them. I already have them for more than 8 months and they seem fairly sturdy. Once note though, need care when handling as the wire that holds them together can get a little worn and the earrings can look a little lopsided, so once in a while need to be re-shaped them by hand (easy to do). Overall, beautiful earrings! <end>
 B000BU14CW  3-3.5mm White Pearl Single Strand Necklace. 24&quot; ||	  Great Graduation Gift  This was an excellent gift for my 2006 graduates! They were perfectly priced and each of them have the same pair and will remember receiving them for their graduation. This would be a welcomed addition to any young ladies jewelry chest. <end>  Great Graduation Gift  This was an excellent gift for my 2006 graduates! They were perfectly priced and each of them have the same pair and will remember receiving them for their graduation. This would be a welcomed addition to any young ladies jewelry chest. <end>
 B000BUGGA2  Child or Kids Purple Horse Pendant and Sterling Silver 16" Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful Necklace! Picture does not do it justice.  This necklace is so much prettier than the picture portrays.The purple inset is very vibrant and sparkling, it looks like glass.My eight year old grand-daughter absolutely loved it! <end>  Cute  I bought this necklace for a Christmas gift and the girl loved. Small, delicate just like she wanted <end>
 B000BUMW96  14k Rose (Pink) Gold 16"1.5mm Cable Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  Great service  My chain arrived quickly, and as advertised. I am happy with the chain I purchased, and would work with this seller again. <end>
 B000BUMXC2  10k Yellow Gold 20 Inch X 1.5 mm Singapore Chain Necklace - JewelryWeb ||	  Golden Delicate  This chain left nothing to be desired. It is very delicate and fine. The chain actually twinkles as the light reflects off of it. <end>
 B000BUNY9S  10k Yellow Gold 18 Inch X .6 mm Box Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  OK  The chain was very nice, but it didn't last long. It lasted for about a month before breaking at the clasp. <end>  Good Deal  I bought this to go with a locket I purchased separately. It was a gift, so I don't know about long time wear, but it looked very nice when I received it. It cam in a Tiffany colored box with a bow. So, it was convenient for gift giving. I had done a little online searching for similar products and thought this was the best deal. Thougth, keep in mind this is only 10K, a little lower in gold, but I didn't mind. I spend the better part of my money on the pretty locket that went with it. Overall, it looked very nice. <end>  Great purchase  I was extremely pleased with the purchase of this necklace...It was the right price, beating our local stores prices significantly and it arrived in only a couple of days. I will definitely do business with them again <end>
 B000BUOUYQ  Sterling Silver & CZ Taurus Zodiac Pendant ||	  Gift for mom  It is very pretty and certainly feminine. It has a nice sparkle and mom loved it. <end>
 B000BUPVRG  14k White Gold 18 Inch X 1.5 mm Singapore Chain Necklace - O Ring Clasp - JewelryWeb ||	  B- e- a- utiful  I ordered this on a Sunday and received it on Thursday of the same week. It is gorgeous. It's a very true bright white and a great size, the sparkle it gives is nothing short of beautiful. I love this peice and would highly recomend it to wear with a pendant and it's thick enough to even wear alone. I'm very glad I got this. <end>
 B000BUPX92  Pendant, 'Ocean Cross' 2.2" W 0.2" W 1.2" L ||	  makes a nice gift  Jewelry and select items from around the globe. The Ocean Cross was an exquisite piece of workmanship from the NOVICA collection of artists from various countries. It should be noted that each item ships from its country of origin so if it's for a gift allow time for delivery. <end>
 B000BUU8Q0  Sterling Silver Pave CZ Puffed Heart Necklace ||	  Sterling Sliver Pave CZ Puffed Heart Necklace  I just love this necklace. My family gave it to me as a present because I am a "Bewitched" fan~and Samantha always wears this heart necklace. I wanted to buy one but they are around $2,000.00 I would be too afraid I would lose it. Just like Elizabeth Montgomery did for real~as she was filming. Her husband had to buy her a new one!! I have had this one for months now and it has never broke. It looks beautiful and the pave CZ has a very real look. I highly recommend it!! <end>  Pretty  I wanted something similar to Samantha's on Bewitched and this works! Very pretty and good length. I definitely love it! <end>  Very pretty necklace  I was searching for a necklace that resembled the heart necklace that Elizabeth Montgomery wore on Bewitched. This has alittle different chain style (it's not attached to both sides of the heart, like the one she wore). But this is a really pretty necklace. It's a nice size, and a nice chain length. The crystals are great quality and the necklace does look likes it's made of diamonds. Very shiney. The only thing I don't really like, and I couldn't tell this from the photo and description prior to buying it, is that it's flat on the back. I thought it would be like a round &#34;puff&#34; type of heart, but it isn't. That's okay though since no one see's the back but me, I was just expecting it to be round. <end>  Great Gift.  It was a great necklace for the price and my girlfriend loved it. Even though it's nothing fancy, it's still a lovely gift for someone if you haven't been dating very long. <end>
 B000BUVN5K  Sterling Silver & CZ Virgo Zodiac Pendant ||	  Wonderful  The quality of this product is exactly what I had wanted. The craftsmanship is superb. I would definitely purchase more jewelry from evesaddiction. <end>
 B000BUWDYU  Fleur de Lis Diamond Cubic Zirconia Band ||	  Cool ring  This product was absolutely beautiful! It does wear out fast! In about a year's time, the silver coating wore off & was turning my daughter's finger green. <end>
 B000BUY5V4  Fleur de Lis Diamond Cubic Zirconia Band ||	  Cool ring  This product was absolutely beautiful! It does wear out fast! In about a year's time, the silver coating wore off & was turning my daughter's finger green. <end>
 B000BV980G  Pearl and carnelian necklace, 'Sea Treasure' 1.4" W 14.8" L ||	  beautiful  beautiful quality, and well made. I love this piece and will wear it often. <end>
 B000BVNCL2  Pugster Green Owl Gold Brooches And Pins ||	  Beautiful Piece!!!  The Green Owl Gold Brooch is just sooo beautiful. I loved it as soon i saw it on amazon but when i received it, it was even better. The quality is great with a lot of detailing. The size is perfect & everything is awesome! There is no way you will not love it.  ) <end>
 B000BVNUK0  Isabella Rose 9-10mm Cultured Pearl Sterling Silver Drop Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  Beautiful  The service and I got was refreshing and uplifting. From the refund I got when Angela found out that we are in the same state, to scheduling a personal delivery when the mailroom at my workplace almost lost the package, it was a pleasure working with Angela all along. I am delighted to recommend Dahlia Pearls to everyone... and did I mention, the earrings are beautiful! <end>  It's okay.  The jewelry is not as attractive and well-made as the photoIt looks cheap., the mounting of the roses are very cheaply done.No, I would not recommend the earrings to a friend.they look cheap, not elegant. <end>  great product!!!  got this as a gift for my Mom for Christmas. She loves them and I highly recommend them! <end>  Exactly as described and pictured.  These earrings are very pretty on my wife, and she was ecstatic to get them as a gift! <end>  Proud to Wear!  These pearl earrings are the most beautiful pearls ever! They are large and shiny. Excellent shape and they hang just right! They are wonderful to wear with anything and everything! <end>  love em  very pretty earrings, move pink than a deep lavender, love to find pearls in a drop style, pretty good luster <end>  Breathtaking  I got these for Christmas last year and am completely in love with them. The shipping was very reasonable and I was able to open them Christmas morning. They are the most beautiful earrings I have ever seen and come in the coolest little box. My only problem is not having enough occasions to wear them, I'm lucky if I get a reason once a month! <end>  Great  Got it for my mom for Xmas.She loves it and I think it looks great on her.The shipment took long because the east coast got hit with a blizzard, but the seller was very prompt and helpful.5/5-D <end>  Nice earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift for my mom. She really likes them---good quality for the price! <end>  Beautiful  I liked the earrings the best. But since I returned the necklace and bracelet, I returned the earrings too! Maybe next time I will find a set that I like. <end>
 B000BVP5DK  Pugster Green Eye Dragonfly Brooches And Pins ||	  This is Beautiful!  I didnt expect it to sparkle the way that it does, but I am so pleased! The construction of this pin is sturdy and will last a long time with reasonable wear. The size is just right. <end>
 B000BVQ9S0  Pugster Blue Ribbon Fight Prostate Cancer Italian Charms ||	  Terrible.  This thing fell apart within the first week, and since then, I've had to remove it, because the ring keeps getting caught on all my clothing and ripping it. Poorly designed. Not the first negative experience I've had with this company, but it will be the last. <end>
 B000BVSGL8  Pugster Size 7 Round Cz Heart Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Fashion Ring ||	  Ring  Ring was slightly to small, look gaudy, and the stone fell out of it the first day I wore it. <end>
 B000BW2834  Coaster Louis Philippe Jewelry Armoire in Cherry ||	  Excellent Choice  The armoire was ordered on a Thursday and arrived on the following Monday. It was carefully boxed in three layers of packing. The description was accurate down to the cherry finish. I had wanted that particular finish to match my cherry bedroom furniture. The black lining makes it easy to find the jewelry piece you are looking for. For the space it takes up it packs a lot of jewelry as storage goes all the way to the floor. I especially like the top drawer which looks like molding. Yes, the drawers do not slide out like dresser drawers, but they are small and slide in and out easily. Well worth the money and then some.Very Happy with Armoire. <end>  Loise Phillip Style Armoire  Product was acceptable, but a little overpriced in terms of overall quality. also, it had a small dent i,n the top rear. Overall, quality was acceptable. <end>  Very poor quality &#34;Jewelry Armoire&#34;  Made in China of very poor quality material, poor job of gluing, and lots of damage on the long trip to the east coast. One entire row of hooks had fallen off, and the hing on the right door is missing several screws. If I had not thrown the box out, I would return the entire unit. Almost completely made of low quality fiberboard. Unit is worth about $125. <end>  POOR QUALITY AND WORKMANSHIP DO NOT BUY!!!  When opening packaging product was broken in several places many pieces missing, horrible quality work cheap workmanship worst product Ive ever purchased through Amazon. <end>  Coaster Louis Philippe Jewelry Armoire  The base promptly fell off making it unstable and pretty useless. It was put together with staples, no glue. The presto-wood did not hold up during shipping to NYC. I was really disappointed since I gave it as a gift and it was not cheap. <end>  Don't Waste Your Time Or Your Money  This product arrived with damages and defects directly from the manufacturer (the package was intact and unopened). They obviously have no concerns or process with regard to quality control. Avoid this product and this manufacturer. <end>  Jewelry Armoire  It arrived on time and in great shape. The color was perfect.. NO assembly required. Now I am having fun deciding where to put each item. <end>  Perfect in every way  Well-protected packaging; arrived without damage, cross-country! I love this Jewelry Armoire. I have waited awhile for the perfect jewelry armoire and I FOUND it. Thank you! <end>  Perfect condition, large beautiful armoire  This armoire arrived FAST and in perfect condition. It is just as described. It is large and has so much storage for jewelry. If you don't have that much jewelry, the drawers are large enough to organize something else in the extra space (like make up or scarves or something). The drawers are a great size and pull in and out easily. The top drawer that looks like crown molding is a little slide out that you can put rings in. The armoire comes completely assembled so that was great. I think it was well worth the money! I paid $240. <end>
 B000BWQ8CQ  Southwestern Native American Handmade Wave Ring by Skeets in Sterling Silver and 14 kt. Goldsize 12, #2420 ||	  great purchase  I purchased this ring as a gift for my boyfriend. I researched many similar rings and settled on this one. Many of the others were either really expensive or they didn't have a distinct wave design. This one with gold and silver and black is very unique and I am confident that the recipient will like it. <end>
 B000BX6DM0  Solid Sterling Silver 15mm Wedding Band Ring Size 6(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10) ||	  LIES! LIES! ALL LIES!  This ring is NOT solid silver. I took it to the jewelers to get sized for my husband. The guy couldnt't do it, because its hollow inside. I ordered a size 10, and they sent me a size 9. just avoid this seller if you can. <end>  Watch gram weight  I bought this ring and returned this item, watch the gram weight on items from this seller, they don't describe items other than by weight. This ring is hollow and not true to size. The seller was a little hard to contact, but once I told them I was returning the ring my account was credited quickly. <end>  Hollow  If you are looking for something strong and solid please do not buy this ring,it does not feel like "Solid" Sterling Silver, it feels hollow and very light. After wearing it for one week, I just dropped it somewhere... <end>  Was pretty when it arrived . . .  I must preface this review by saying that I have bought several other things from this seller (Silver Insanity) and have been very well satisfied with their quality. This ring, however . . . I liked it when it arrived. It was very pretty and shiny and it was a good weight for me--not too heavy and not too light. Just what I was looking for (I thought). After a few weeks of wear, however, it not only became scratched, which I fully expected as I lead a somewhat active life, but it also became dented, which I did not. From the reviews I read prior to purchasing this ring, I knew it was hollow. That was fine with me because I knew that if a ring of this width was solid, it would be too heavy for me to wear and be able to do what I need to do. However, I did not think the metal would be so thin that it would dent with each and every knock. I was wrong. I kept this ring and did not complain to the seller as it was entirely my own fault for not exercising common sense when buying it. Being hollow, there is no way to know how thick the outer or inner layers are and I failed to consider that when deciding whether or not to buy it. I will not shun Silver Insanity due to this one piece of shoddy merchandise. If there is another item that they offer which I like and want, I will not hesitate to buy from them. <end>  DENTS LIKE IT'S TIN....  This ring dented all the way around within a few days. It is so bad I Don't even wear it. It was a waste of money. <end>
 B000BX7Z22  Green Mali Wedding Glass Earrings ||	  Sparkling Beauties  It had been a hectic week, both at work and otherwise. Somehow I had managed to finish off most of my Christmas shopping and had bought gifts for all my near and dear ones. I had looked around for some beauty accessories to give my niece but hadn't found anything appealing and hence was browsing the online stores. It was then that I came across these beautiful gold plated glass earrings and was mesmerized by their simplicity and beauty.The sparkle of the glass beads in combination with the fire polish beads looks terrific and adds elegance to any look. My niece loved the earrings and can't stop raving about it and showing it off to her friends. And I am thinking of getting one for myself too... <end>
 B000BXHA40  Marquise-Cut Red Crystal and Round White Crystal 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cocktail Ring ||	  Smasher  A very respectable company in dealing with the customerAnd a beautiful ringThe measurement or the exact size completely <end>  nice looking ring  the ring is gorgeous but a little bigger than what I thought but still lovely, the red sparkles nicely and looks elegant so I'm glad I bought it and I'm looking forward to buying another one from PalmBeach Jewelry <end>  wow  This was a gift for my mother on her birithday , she love the strong red color and the shiny gold,she put it on her finger right away. <end>
 B000BXVWXU  Pretty! Diamond cut Sterling-silver Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold Onyx Heart Pendant ||	  Beautiful Black Hills gold!!  I love this necklace!! Bought it as a gift and it is prettier in person than online!! <end>
 B000BY3R64  Sterling Silver Italian Threader Earrings with Dog drop total length 4 1/2" Long ||	  Threader Earrings with Dog  Cute earrings, but I expected them to be a little better quality. They are very thin and are obviously not top quality sterling silver. <end>
 B000BYGVEO  Sterling Silver 8 mm Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings Basket Set 4 cttw ||	  CZ Earrings  I was purchasing 2 carat ROUND earrings and was surprised to receive SQUARE earrings. Lucky for you, I am not a complainer.....I'll settle for these, but was under the impression, based on photos and the absence of the word 'square' in the description that I would receive what I set out to purchase. I went back to look and look again and no where is the word 'square' found.The setting is very nice as are the stones. I was, however, purchasing round stud earrings and did not receive them. I am not willing to pay for return postage, etc. so lucky for you.....I'll let it be <end>
 B000BYGVF8  Sterling Silver 10 mm Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings Basket Set 8 cttw ||	  Love these earrings  I love these earrings, at first I thought they were too big, but the more I wore them the more I fell in love with them. They are not only a beautiful pair of earrings but they are very comfortable. I would reccomend these earrings to anyone that loves sterling silver jewelry. <end>
 B000BYVDS8  Earrings - E365 - Sequin Dangle - Oval ~ Bright Gold Tone ||	  Pretty, but...  Be aware that the picture for these doesn't accurately reflect the color AT ALL. They are gold all the way down in color and don't have any pink/white/grey metals like you see in the picture. <end>  Beautiful and Affordable  They were just as good as the picture depicted and the price was great! <end>
 B000BZ77LY  Sterling Pink Opal Dangle Earrings ||	  Flowers too large  I bought these for my 10-yr old daughter; my impression from the picture was that the flowers were small. They are not; fairly large, they were not appropriate for a young girl. When I took a moment to consider them for me, I also felt they were unattractive for their size. Finally the color was too brown. <end>
 B000BZKEPK  Amazon.com  Black Hills Gold Horse Necklace, GOLD  Clothing ||	  Beautiful  Amazingly beautiful is the only way I can describe these necklaces.They are hand crafted and the detail is amazing. I bought them for my girls as a gift and they won't take them off. I highly recommend them to anyone who apreciates fine jewelery. <end>
 B000BZNWHC  Sterling Silver Love Venus Armour Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,13,14) ||	  statement piece  Strong presence,but not in your face.It will be noticed and is not a frilly piece. Totally love it and the price .This is a good company to do business with. <end>  Sterling Silver Ring  I purchase a lot of jewelry. Most of it is Sterling silver. I purchased this ring and it has never tarnished and I have received many compliments on it. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves jewelry. <end>
 B000C042UC  Sterling Silver Vintage Syle Blue Onyx Ring Size 8(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9) ||	  Nice Purchase  The ring was a very nice purchase. It came in a relatively timely manner, and seems to be well-constructed. The metal is by no means "thin" or "cheap", and the stone seems to stay in place. It may be somewhat pricey with the shipping fees added on, but it is a great buy for a relatively inexpensive piece of jewelry that won't turn your finger green.I will keep in mind Silver Insanity should I decide to buy jewelry from Amazon in the future. <end>
 B000C0CXXA  Sterling Silver Wrapped Snarling Dragon Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  pretty cool  I continue to get lots of great compliments on this ring, My only advise would be to wear it solely as an accessory, meaning take it off while doing anything that requires lots of movement, it has sharp teath and can be snagged unto things pretty easy, which can cause injury to that person or yourself. other than that its a great ring and I put it on whenever I go out, and take it off as soon as i get home  ) <end>  Love it  This is the cutest ring - I love it. It looks even better in person. <end>  Great ring!  I got this ring for my 17 yr old son and he loves it. It is very detailed and well made. <end>
 B000C1WZPA  Genuine Garnet and Sterling Silver Medieval Style Poison Box Locket Ring Size 9(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Gorgeous ring!  I just received my lovely garnet sterling silver poison ring today. It is so gorgeous! It fits my finger perfectly so the sizes listed are very accurate. The detail on the ring is just as shown in the photos. It was shipped very quicly after I purchased it. I have nothing negative to say about this ring or this seller!  o) <end>  Love it  My son's birthstone is garnet, plus I am a Wheel of Time fan for over 20 years this ring is perfect. <end>  Perfect "Costume" Jewelry & For Everyday  My husband bought this ring for me for a costume event last year (I was a midieval wench) and it went perfectly. But it's so lovely and funky that I wear it with just about everything when I want to bring a little sass to my wardrobe. It fits very comfortably, shines great (not too much detail-blacking), the hinge on the lid is well made and stays closed, and the stone is much prettier in person than the pictures portray. One of my favorite rings. <end>
 B000C4MWKA  Sterling Silver Onyx Turtle Ring ||	  Small, but adorable--probably not real silver, though  This ring is quite small. The onyx, which constitutes the bulk of the ring, is maybe about as big as my pinky fingernail bed, and my nails are trimmed!The silver is extremely light. Wish they offered a BIGGER model of this ring.I also though shipping on this thing was a ripoff. For a ring this small, even if it does come nicely packaged (it does--it has a little pouch inside a box), the shipping should be free, or at most, a couple of dollars.I can't necessarily say you are getting a lot of material for the money, and the shipping was a joke, BUT the turtle looks adorable, just as pictured.I would buy it again, just because I think there are few rings as cute as this one, and the onyx really does add a nice touch.I have had the ring maybe 9 months, worn the ring with some frequency, sometimes several days at a time, washing my hands, etc. and so far, the onyx is staying in, and the silver has not broken. So, it seems well put together...As a final note, I have serious doubts the silver is real. It NEVER tarnishes, unlike my other silver jewelry!! Seems dubious... <end>
 B000C4ON0M  Blue Hawaii Turquoise Necklace ||	  heavenly turquoise  Very quick and efficient transaction. Asked for the necklace to be longer and it was done (at a cost). Necklace was exactly as seen. I would definitely purchase from this seller again. <end>
 B000C4QW8S  Sterling Silver Blue Enamel CZ Daisy Ring ||	  So Far I Like It  This is a nice ring. It's a darker blue than pictured, and the cubic zirconia's seem to be not as sparkly as when I first got it, but hopefully they will polish up a little with a jewelry cloth. <end>
 B000C51V56  Amber Pendant set in .925 Sterling Silver ||	  Looks good, but one amber piece fell down  I bought this product as part of a set of pendant, ring and earrings, and it has been the only piece that was not as good as the other products.The lower right amber piece fell down from its place and it was kind of thought attaching it to its position again.Also the color was slightly different from the other items and doesn't look like I expected. <end>  Small, yet perfect  I bought this charm for my neighbor's 10 yr. old daughter. It's the perfect size for her! The quality and detail were better than some other butterfly pendants I saw, and it looked even better in person! The amber is set into the wings, and open in the back, making it almost transparent. Looks great on a 16" chain. Hopefully it's something she will wear and enjoy for many years to come! <end>
 B000C5BWWI  Sterling Silver Sun Charm Anklet ||	  Beautiful!  The picture does not do this charming anklet justice. The silver is polished, the charms adorable, and the length perfect. <end>
 B000C5BXJA  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Flowers ||	  Not worth the price  I loved this anklet when I first got it but the link to the clasp is very weak & it has broken twice on me. Not worth the price. <end>  Very nice anklet  I bought this anklet in a flash but was nicely surprised when it came in. The packaging was very nice and it wears really nice and actually looks just the right size for my ankle. I like it very much! <end>  Disappointed  Not as shown. In person, mine doesn't look like flowers - the center is blob-like, and the 'petals' are not round like in the picture. It would appear the picture was skewed/squished a bit horizontally to make the flowers look round, and they're definitely NOT.Otherwise, appears to be good quality, and shipping was quick. <end>  Very pretty!  This anklet is even prettier than it appears in the picture. It is very nicely made. I wear it often and receive many compliments on it! <end>  Eye Catching  I love this ankle braclet. It is very dainty looking on the ankle.the flowers are so eye catching. It is well made and avery sturdy clasp. I have recieved many compliments on it. <end>
 B000C5HRJ0  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Chime Balls ||	  Beautiful look and sound  I couldn't be happier with my anklet. The quality is great. The only time that i take it off is when i take a shower. I haven't had a single problem with it and it still looks great. I of course can't leave out the sound. It's loud enough that people ask about it but not annoyingly so. It really has a great jingle to it. Love it Love it Love it! <end>  music wherever I go  I searched the internet for months to find an anklet like this one. I was thrilled to have finally found one. And boy did it deliver. Not only is it beautiful and shiny but it's comfortable to wear. Being a jewelry maker myself, but unable to find the supplies to make one, I thoroughly checked over this piece of jewelry and found that it is a well made piece. The gentle chime of the bells makes for beautiful music wherever I go, and I find that I am always smiling when I wear it. <end>  Very nice anklet  This was exactly what I was looking for, I love the soft jingle and that it adjusts to fit. <end>  Anklet with chime bells  This is a beautiful anklet! I have music wherever I go!! Excellent value. <end>  Disappointed  I received this ankle bracelet in a timely fashion from Sabrina Silver. It is a beautiful piece, unfortunately, it turned my ankle black. In addition, the constant "jingling" with every step drove me and my co-workers crazy. I have promised to give it to my niece whose nerves and friends are less sensitive. <end>
 B000C5HS3U  Sterling Silver Musical Notes Charm Anklet ||	  Sharp edges  I was disappointed in this item. The charms hanging it from it are kind of stamped out of metal and they have very sharp edges, which is uncomfortable on the ankle. It was cute, but just not great quality. <end>  Musical Notes Anklet  This item is very pretty. I bought it as a gift for a music teacher I know and she loved it. <end>  Beautiful Anklet Bracelet  As a music teacher I wear this angle bracelet daily. Many complements.If it ever wears out I will order another.Thak you, Norma Meredith <end>
 B000C5HSB2  Sterling Silver Anklet w/ Hearts ||	  SS Anklet w/Hearts  Very pretty. A little tight; will need an extender. Still worth the money and looks great on either ankle. Will consider buying from again in the future. <end>
 B000C5J5LS  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet w/ Beads ||	  simple but elegant  I was suprised by the quality. Great look at a great price <end>
 B000C5JR20  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet w/ Dangling Teddy Bears and Chime Balls ||	  Adorable anklet for my baby  I bought this as an anklet for my 9 month old baby boy and I love it, so cute on. A little long, but I clasped it just above the first teddy bear and removed the extender (now it's 6 1/2"). I just ordered the bracelet with just the jingle bells for his other ankle. Too cute! <end>
 B000C5LN9U  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet w/ Dangling Stars, Hearts and Crescent Moon ||	  OK but tiny  Please be aware the charms are very tiny. They are pretty but smaller than I realized <end>
 B000C5NMKS  Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet w/ Dangling Teddy Bears, Hearts and Chime Balls ||	  Excellent charm  This is a great little gift, feels and looks exactly like the picture shows, shiny silver and loud bells, lovely bears and hearts. Cons  price is little expensive, I've gotten similar charms for cheaper, and seller doesn't offer free shipping. <end>
 B000C6S7YI  Sterling Silver Tooled Pattern Diamond Cut Adjustable Ring ||	  love it  The diamond cut on this ring really sparkles. There is a substantial amount of silver on this ring but is still easy to adjust in small increments. great deal for a quality item. <end>
 B000C737P6  Brocade Jewelry Bag ||	  Perfect for traveling  Very nice travel size. Recipient loves it and says she'll use it for everyday as well. Roomy and will hold a lot of jewelry. Good quality, pretty fabric. <end>  Great  A friend of mine had one of these, but this one is bigger and hold more. It makes traveling with jewelry great. <end>  Lindo  Me encant&oacute; este organizador de joyitas, lo compre para mi hija, es super &uacute;til sobre todo para las personas que viajan mucho. <end>
 B000C78TVI  Bold Sterling Silver Oval Concha w/Turquoise Ring ||	  big ring for such great value  this is exactly the ring i have been waiting for. Big bold and beautiful, workmanship is incredible, stone is nicely polished smooth. <end>
 B000C78U8U  Sterling Silver Peach Aventurine Adjustable Swirl Ring ||	  adjustable is awesome  very pretty stone and a dramatic look. not heavy and also the word adjustable kinda screams bubble gum machine ring from mid century but not so in this case. ring is very pretty and can't tell it is adjustable when it is on the hand. <end>
 B000CB45EO  Tahitian Black Pearl Ring in 14K White Gold (10-11mm) ||	  Perfection  This ring is gorgeous. I wear it now on my ring finger as a wedding piece. I love it. It looks slightly larger then it does in person. Looks like it would be bulkier, but it's quite petite. Beautiful! <end>
 B000CBD1IA  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Excellent product  The chain I received is better than my expectation. One who can get white gold chain in cost of sterling silver? I would definitely recommend this to a friend. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this bracelet so much! It arrived on time (early, even) and looks great with everything! Totally classy and shiny! <end>  Very Shiney  When I got this it was ridiculously shiny, almost to the point I did not want to wear it. Fortunately, it got to a more friendly silver color over the next couple weeks. Seems durable and looks good with just about anything. Price was nice as well. <end>  Sterling rope necklace  This rope chain is perfect for hanging a pendant on. It's comfortable to wear and is bright and shiny. I love it! <end>  Turned black  This necklace turned black after a few months. Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes. <end>
 B000CBEYR2  Sterling Silver Italian 1.5 mm Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Rope Necklace  I HAVE 1 OF THESE NECKLACES AND REALLY LIKE IT. I WEAR IT ALL THE TIME ANDDON'T EVEN TAKE IT OFF AT ALL UNLESS I'M TAKING A SHOWER. EVERYONE THAT SEESTHAT I'M WEARING THIS NECKLACE REALLY LIKES IT TOO. THEY ALSO LIKE THE STERLING SILVER INSTEAD OF THE WHITE GOLD, THE WHITE GOLD OVER SILVER, OREVEN THE GOLD OR THE YELLOW GOLD. I WOULD BUY FROM THIS COMPANY AGAIN WITHOUTTHINKING TWICE ABOUT IT. THE NECKLACE WAS SHIPPED QUICKLY AND ARRIVED BEFORETHE ESTIMATED DILIVERY DATE. <end>  not what i expected  I bought this to wear with a pendant however the chain would not fit through the bail as it was to thick, i had to send it back but i got a prompt refund! <end>  Very shiny and elegant  Very beautiful necklace. It is much shinier than the picture and it was well crafted. I wear it with most of my pendant now and 16 inch is just perfect for me. <end>
 B000CBEYT0  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  I like it  It is as nice as it looks on the picture.  ) I like it.  ) <end>  Great Product Great Service  this seller was great. I returned my origional purchase for a different one and they made the exchange without any trouble and quickly. would definaltely recomend. <end>  kathy52658  excellent craftsmanship, and a price you just can't pass up. I have recommended this item and company to everyone I know. <end>  Excellent Product!  The necklace is great - just what I was looking! Also very impressed with Sabrina Silver's quick processing/delivery! <end>  beautiful......  I bought these for myself (chain and bracelet) and they are beautiful, even more so than the picture, Sabrina Silver is a great seller. <end>  Great braclett  Beautiful and very durable for the price. Great quality and real 925 silver from Italy. I love this bracelet a lot. <end>  Great children's necklace  I really love this necklace. I bought it for my 10 year old and its better than the picture. Its for a great price too. It even came gift boxed for free. <end>  Exquisite and Heavy - My Favorite Chain!  I've found other, less expensive Italian diamond cut rope chains on the net but they are MUCH lighter weight and flimsier. I absolutely LOVE this chain and get gobs of compliments on it so I intend to purchase more from Sabrina Silver in other lengths. Excellent seller. Exquisite product. I'm VERY pleased! <end>  Regretted paying a penny for this item.  Bought this piece of jewelry and within 2 weeks it was black. What a waste of money. <end>
 B000CBEYV8  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBHTCO  Pink Coral Rose Pendant with Enhancer, 14k Gold ||	  Not color as pictured  This is a beautifully carved, heavy pendant. The only problem I have with it is that the color is very pale. It is not the lush coral color shown in the photo.I did contact the manufacturer but received no reply. I did tell them I like the pendant and will not be returning it but just that I am disappointed with its color. <end>
 B000CBHY4M  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 1.8mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Excellent product  The chain I received is better than my expectation. One who can get white gold chain in cost of sterling silver? I would definitely recommend this to a friend. <end>  Beautiful!  I love this bracelet so much! It arrived on time (early, even) and looks great with everything! Totally classy and shiny! <end>  Very Shiney  When I got this it was ridiculously shiny, almost to the point I did not want to wear it. Fortunately, it got to a more friendly silver color over the next couple weeks. Seems durable and looks good with just about anything. Price was nice as well. <end>  Sterling rope necklace  This rope chain is perfect for hanging a pendant on. It's comfortable to wear and is bright and shiny. I love it! <end>  Turned black  This necklace turned black after a few months. Now the outside is black and the inside is still shiny so it looks like it has zebra stripes. <end>
 B000CBHY60  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBHY6U  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Rope Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4.5mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>  Very Satisfied  I recently purchased some items from Sabrina Silver and I have to say that the Quality of the merchandise I bought I am very satisfied with. I will definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Sabrina Silver <end>
 B000CBJJV8  Sterling Silver Genuine Gemstone Chip Cluster Bunches Hook Earrings - Moonstone, Peridot, Garnet, Citrine, Iolite, Amethyst ||	  not exactly as pictured  both earrings are not exactly as rich in color as in the pictures.there was no garnet in mine at all. they were smaller than i thought they would be. overall, not really impressive. <end>
 B000CBQ768  Sterling, Turquoise, & Coral Earrings ||	  Sterling, Turquoise, & Coral Earrings  They are beautiful earings. The only thing was the picture made me think the coral was red when it's actually more orange than red. Maybe the description could say more about the color of the stones since sometimes the color in the pictures can be a little off. <end>
 B000CBT75G  Handmade ceramic always right, never wrong cufflinks with presentation box. Made in England ||	  Cufflinks  Fun & cute cufflinks which received a number of compliments. Good the guy that thinks he always right. <end>
 B000CBW0NC  Genuine Freshwater Pearl Sterling Silver 17" Necklace ||	  my mother in law is hapy...  yhis item i purchase for my mother in law, i hope is happy with this . is very fine and have a good quality <end>
 B000CD23OQ  Papier Mache Boxes Classpack ||	  Smaller than expected  These papier mache boxes are nice, but smaller than I thought they would be.Each box is MAYBE 3 inches square.The dimensions listed on the product page are for the shipping size not the individual box size.We had the kids decorate them and put keepsakes in. <end>
 B000CDGW84  Sterling Silver 10mm Purple Jade Gemstone 7.5 inch Bracelet With Secure Latch Clasp ||	  it's pretty but don't buy it  it arrived broken, and rather than returning it, i opted to glue it. it literally fell apart in my hands, including the clasp which couldn't be glued. it's beautiful, but it may as well be made of corn flakes. <end>
 B000CDK97E  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Princess Cut Blue Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  cubic zirconia studs  very pretty but ya better be very careful in handling them becuz the ones i bought did not have the crystal mounted very well. i just handled them very gently trying to get them in my ears but the cubic zirconia crystal popped right out. they are not expensive but should still be stronger <end>
 B000CDL5T0  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Princess Cut Citrine Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Citrine Cubic Zirconia  My teenage girls are always complimenting me on these earrings. They are a deep, rich yellow--not pale. Goes very nice with tan skin. love to use them to accent an outfit. <end>  if the stone would sit in the prongs  This earring is gorgeous. The stone is prettier than the picture. Only problem I had was the prongs holding the stone was not that succesfull. It's fallen off twice. My good luck in both cases I was able to find the stone took it to jewellery store. The prety stone is now in place safe and secure! <end>  Awesome Earrings!  I got this for my wife a few days ago and she loves them!She loves the color and size of them, the only minor problem would be that the "stem" is a bit too short and she's afraid they may fall off, other that than this is a great quality set of earrings by Gem Avenue, highly recommend them! <end>  Beautiful addition to my jewelery collection.  These earrings are so beautiful! They are true to size and color. My boyfriend bought them to go with a ring he also purchased for me from Gem Avenue and they match perfectly!Nickel Free .925 Sterling Silver Band Princess cut Cubic Zirconia Citrine Ring Size 10 <end>
 B000CDLJ4G  14k Yellow Gold Filigree Design Small to Medium (S/M) Size 5mm Ball Stud Earrings, HypoAllergenic - $79 SALE ||	  Not good as visible but OK  My wife purchase these ear ball but she seems to be not et all happy, price are good but designs are not satisfactory when these are in your hand. May be big in size and hollow. <end>  earrings  I only wish these had been a bit larger. However, they are as nice as can be. <end>
 B000CDOWOK  Crown Diamond Signity Star Cut CZ Ring ||	  Love it!  I have had this ring on my finger since I bought it over a year ago. It is beautiful, easy to clean and very durable. I never take the ring off and I see no signs of wear. I get compliments galore on this ring and I love it too! This is very high quality for an unbeatable price! I HIGHLY recommend. <end>  Wouldnt even doubt it!  I love this ring! I wear it as my engagement ring for the time being and not a single person has detected that it isnt real. I have gotten more compliments than i can recall. My only small complaint is my hair gets cought in it at times as well as little fuz. Overall i would reccomend this ring to anyone who even slightly likes it! <end>  Very Pretty  I love this ring! It is very femanine and sparkles but not over the top. I would highly recomend this ring. <end>  Lovely Ring  This ring is absolutely gorgeous! The setting is unique and the ring sparkles and shines. A wonderful piece of jewelry to wear every day. I'm very satisfied with Eve's Addiction; the price is right and the delivery is very fast. I will be ordering more jewelry from this company for years to come. <end>  Very pretty ring  This is a very pretty ring! The CZ is larger than I expected so I can't wear it as an every day ring but it is perfect for special occasions and well worth the price. <end>  Pretty Ring  This is a fun ring to wear. I love the setting because it is different. This ring is pretty and a nice ring for the money. <end>
 B000CDSRH8  Sterling Silver Cluster Multicolor Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  As pictured/described  Looks just like the picture...pretty bracelet. I think it is a good value for the price...shipped timely. No issues with the purchase at all. <end>
 B000CDT5R4  Sterling Silver Egyptian Ankh Pendant Highly Polished Handmade, 1 1/ inch ||	  A+  This was an excellent buy, it was everthing they said it was and for a good price. <end>
 B000CDT5TM  Sterling Silver Wire Wrapped Egyptian Ankh Pendant Handmade, 1 3/4 inch ||	  fairly good  I got it as a gift, i always wanted an Ankh cross. It looked better online, the real product is very shiny, not exactly what i opted for!I got it to a jewel shop and they processed it somehow. It's not shiny anymore and it has a kind of vintage look which works fine with me.But i had to pay to make it look that way. <end>  A little disappointed  I was a little disappointed because this pendant looks stunning. When I got it in between the wire wrapping there was all this crusty white looking stuff. Not actually sure what it was, but its still on the pendant now, because of its position it would be impossible to get out. Other than that I really liked it. <end>
 B000CDU6YK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 7mm Princess Cut Blue Sapphire Cubic Zirconia Post Stud Earrings ||	  Sapphire 7mm Studs  These are very pretty and a great deal for the price. Looks pretty much exactly as shown, maybe just a little darker. I bought them in a variety of colors. <end>
 B000CDUCTY  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 8-9mm White Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  expensive and cheap  Packaging was horrible, came in a plastic bag, but the pearl is beautiful and shiny, i havent yet worn it and it hasnt yet ran thru water so not sure how it will maintain itself. The chain is ok, very thin and delicate, buti anyways bought the item for the sak eof the pearl and not the chain, so its fine.i think that its a bit expensive product for the price, may have gotten it cheaper at either the JC penny clearance section or Kohls clearance section , anyways!!!UPDATE- I am wanting to reduce the stars now. I actually took so long to put in the update because of personal reasons.After wearing this chain, in about 3 days, the pearl fell off on its own some where. there was no force applied. I was actually in my office when it happened. I am very very disappointed. It was expensive to begin with and then this is the cheap stuff i get.I prevously gave 5 stars to this product, but it didnt last even a week, thats pretty sad, i am going to rate it down to 1 star. <end>  Gorgeous!!!  I am so very happy with this pendant! The pearl is so beautiful, lustrous, smooth, perfectly shaped - no lumps or any kind of imperfection. It's big too. It's exactly what I was looking for! I also bought a similar product from Dahlia Jewels,Pearl Essence 7-8mm AAAA Drop Pendant w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Necklace, White (18")(which costs twice as much) and I much prefer this one. Well, saying "twice as much" is kind of irrelevant here, as that is still cheap... in a regular jewelry store these would cost many times as much (or so I found researching in the mall).The only negative point is the chain; although it looks adorably cute, with sturdy enough links for such a thin/delicate chain, it is way too short; it's more of a choker than a chain. I'd love to have the exact same chain a little longer (so pretty!) but for the price, it's well worth it. Overall, highly recommended!!! Great gift idea, too. <end>
 B000CDUCU8  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 6-7mm Pink Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Product is exactly like picture!  The pearl came brand new and exactly as pictured, if not slightly better. Make sure you use a ruler so you know the actual size of your pearl. I like the size of this product. It's not too big or too small. Luster was high. <end>
 B000CDUDG6  Sterling Silver Wire Wrapped Tube Cross Pendant Handmade, 1 3/4 inch ||	  very pleased  I am very pleased with this cross. It has a substantialsize and weight..and what a great price!! <end>
 B000CDVKS6  Eliza's Antique Design Emerald Cut CZ Engagement Set ||	  LOVEEEE  I just received this beautiful beautiful ring set. It is bigger than appears, but absolutely RAVISHING!!!!! So clear and shiny! Recommend to anyone!! <end>
 B000CDVY50  Long Sterling Silver and Freshwater Pearl Earrings with Carved Green Jade Flower Drops ||	  Carved Green Jade Flower Pearl Sterling Silver Earrings  A very fast delivery and earrings were wonderful. Much larger and more beautiful than I expected. The Jade is a very mellow green (not pale but a soft rich green), the fresh water pearls are larger than expected. Over all the earrings are very much wnat I wanted. They will make an impression. <end>  Twinkle , sway .  Absolutely darling , wearable by young and all but...nah , the old too . Reasonable price as well . <end>  Beautiful earrings - longer than expected  I think these earrings look very nice overall. They are solid but not too heavy and hang well without pulling your earlobes around when you move your head. They are longer than expected. The product description says they are 3.25" long, which I don't doubt, but they look a lot shorter in the picture. Maybe I have a short neck, but these brush the top of my shoulders, which makes them a little too dramatic to wear to work. But beautiful classy earrings for a nice evening out. <end>
 B000CDWB52  Sterling Silver Polished Latin Cross Pendant 2 3/4 inch tall ||	  silver 3'' large cross  Shipment was fast and product is good like they said the only thing I don't like is shipping cost. <end>  "Heavy and Beautiful Cross"  Once again, I received My Shiny, beautiful and heavier, than I thought, it would be. Recieved it very quickly, thanks a million! I also believe that Sabrina has the fairest most resonable prices of any store in the business. I highly recommend Sabrina to everyone! <end>  solid silver cross  this cross is just what I was looking for. I bought it for my son at his ordination and he carry's it with him allways <end>
 B000CDY5G0  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Oval Shape 6-7mm Black Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Exactly as it appears...  Looks like the picture. Good value. The wife loved it. Not for little ones since the chain is delicate. <end>  Pretty chain & black pearl  I bought this for my daughter and it turned out the chain wasn't as long as she wanted it (my fault) so I inherited it. It's very pretty. I didn't really know how thick the chain would be and it's more delicate than I had thought, but it's right for the charm. <end>  CUTE  i LIKE THE NECKLACE, IT'S PRETTY AND WHAT I WAS EXPECTING. THE ONLY DOWNSIDE WOULD BE THE COLOR. IT DOESN'T REALLY HAVE SUCH VIBRANT COLORS IT REALLY MAINLY JUST LOOKS BLACK. BUT ALL IN ALL I'M VERY HAPPY WITH IT! <end>  Delicate and charming  I purchased 5 of these for my bridesmaids and they were exactly what I wanted. The only thing you need to be aware of is that the chains are very tiny, made for either younger child or someone with tiny neck. Would buy again. <end>  Not How I Pictured It  When the pendant arrived I was disappointed to see that the pearl was WAY darker than the picture and round, not oval like the picture. Needless to say, I returned it. <end>
 B000CECRZK  Twin Strand Honey Ice Braided Collar Necklace ||	  Creative design for young lades  The design is creative and suitable for young ladies.If the color of the string can be brighter, it will be perfect! <end>
 B000CEDGDM  Sterling Silver Pink Jade Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Gorgeous!!  I love jade anyways, and these earrings did not disappoint! Color is true to picture, and the price is unbeatable! I purchased these with the matching pendant, and I love them. They are even a little larger than I anticipated! <end>  hmmm not sure....  The style of these earrings are nice. The color is not so much the color you see on the page, however. It is more baby pink or gumball pink which is okay. The silver however leaves markings on your ears. Cheap silver, I suppose. Other than that -they are are nice earrings.Pros Stylecolor (even if it is different than shown -they are s sweet color)sizeCons cheap silver leaves tarnish marks on earlobe <end>  Perfect  Perfect pink. The way light dances thru it you may wear it with many, many colors. Good buy.Lila <end>  cute earrings....  The color is WAY lighter (and brighter)than the picture..but they are cute and well made. <end>  Very Pretty!  The ear rings are very pretty, albeit the stones are a few shades lighter than the picture shown in the products catalog. Shipping was prompt and packaging good. <end>  Pink Jade Earrings  These earrings are very pretty, just like the picture. They are just the right size and the quality seems very good. I think they will make great earrings for the summer. <end>  pink  great earrings they are very nice lookig i gave them as a xmas gift gem ave is a great place to buy from <end>  Love the earrings!  The earrings are awesome. They were a gift for my sister and she loved them. Very pretty! <end>
 B000CEESV6  AugustinaJewelry Double Strand 17-18 Inches 7-8mm White Oval Shape Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Very lovely double-strand freshwater pearls  This double-strand is very pretty, well-made, and hangs nicely. The pearls are an elongated shape just as in the photo. The photo does not show the clasp, but it is a silver filigree box clasp. Great item for the price, very pleased. <end>
 B000CEEW5I  Turquoise Blue Multistrand Beaded Collar Necklace with Baked Glass Pendant ||	  kept it for myself!  I bought this necklace for one of my daughters, but kept it for myself! Looks great at the office or with jeans! Thanks for offering the Nvie line...items are beautiful without breaking the bank! <end>  nice piece  What a great necklace - I have problems picking out jewelry for my wife, but she loved this one. Shipping was great, the product was great - and I would buy from them again. <end>  my favorite!  I read the others reviews... The funny thing is that I originally bought this for my mom, but kept it for myself!! (I got her something else of course.) But, I just adore wearing it, and every time I have it on, someone compliments me on it and asks me wear I got it. It's the perfect necklace to wear with nothing else but a black tanktop and pants or skirt. Anyway, someone with blue or green eyes will love it. <end>  Love it, love it, love it  I purchased this piece just for me and am so pleased that I did. It fits well and looks beautiful. I recieve compliment after compliment on it when I wear it. Thanks. <end>  Lacks Shine  I gave this item three stars because it does have some appeal to it. The colors are very light and attractive in tone, however the overall necklace lacks shine. None of the stones look like they've been buffed and there isn't any sparkle to it. It's a very muted piece that will not take center stage. <end>  Gorgeous!  I usually never order jewelry from online but this turned out to be a wonderful choice. My aunt loved it, its the style she usually gets. The glass is beautiful and very colorful. <end>  Pretty but cheap  Photo is better than the product; the cheap beads chafed my neck. The seller was very professional and quick responding with a full refund. <end>  It's beautiful...my wife loves it.  I usually have a hard time picking gifts for my wife. But when she opened this one she was pleased. It looks beautiful and best of all she has no idea how littel I paid for it. I give it a thums up.  ) <end>
 B000CEEW6C  Amber Glass Multistrand Beaded Drop Pendant Necklace ||	  Poor quality  The piece hanging off of the necklace had already fallen off when I received, clasp broke and I never even got to wear it. Guess you get what you pay for. <end>  Beautiful and a good buy  I bought this necklace as a present for a friend. She loved it and it goes with so many things. The price was very reasonable. <end>
 B000CEFA04  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia and Pearl 1 inch Long Charm Pendant ||	  Pearl pendant  I love my pearl pendant. It's a good size and it looks expensive. Good for the price. <end>
 B000CELCN8  Spiral Sterling Silver Earrings with 12mm Coin Genuine Freshwater Pearls ||	  moon glow  Yup. they remind me of little full moons. Now these are discribed as being 1 1/2" long, but they are not including the hook. so from the top of the hook they are 2" long and the spiral is 1/2" across. So they are a nice size for me, a tall person and maybe a little large for some of you. This is a clever marriage of silver and pearls and really most attractive. They have lots of swing to them. Much prettier in person especially the coin pearl. It is not smooth and so really resembles the surface of the moon, craters and all. I really like these! <end>
 B000CEPMQG  3-Strand Genuine Cultured Freshwater Pearl Cluster Stretch Sterling Silver Beaded Bracelet ||	  cultured freshwater pearl bracelet  I bought this bracelet to give as a birthday gift and I was so pleased when I received it. It is a very pretty bracelet with alot of pearls and the sterling silver posts set off the pearls. It was a very good price and a wonderful bracelet. <end>
 B000CERDNG  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Rainbow Moonstone Adjustable Eternity Necklace ||	  Just beautiful  I received this as a gift and find the necklace absolutely georgous! Goes with everything and I get lots of compliments. I wish they had earrings to match!!! I don't know what moonstone is but it is really pretty. <end>  Worth it  This is a beautiful necklace, it's better than I thought it would be and the picture almost doesn't do it justice. It's a great find for the price and I would buy it again in a heartbeat. <end>  Poor quality stone  I was very disappointed to receive the rainbow moonstone necklace along with the matching earrings. There is a film over the stones and an obvious crack in the stone of the necklace. I had to send them back. <end>  Objects viewed may appear larger then they are...  Don't be fooled by the picture. This necklace is barely larger then the matching earrings. The picture leads you to believe it is much larger when, in fact, it is dwarfed by your pinky finger. There should be something added to the picture to better show the actual size. Maybe a postage stamp. <end>  Smaller than I thought it would be  I really loved the idea of the necklace, but I have to say that I was disappointed by it's size. It's much more delicate than you might think - which is fine if you had an opportunity to pick it at a store. It's pretty, but not amazing - that is really overselling it. I don't think it's worth the $50 I paid for it, as I bought it as a gift for a friend. I think it's more about $25 or so, based on the size and the kind of chain that comes with it. I liked it, but I didn't love it. I didn't send it back because I didn't feel like going thru the bother of returning, and finding something else. I think the other thing about it, was that the necklace didn't come in a nice necklace box. It was received in a little plastic ziplock bag inside a velvet-like bag. For $50, you would think that they would make it more presentable upon receiving it. I had to find a box to put it in. I could have gotten a gift box included for another fee, but it's my opinion that with that price, they should have included a nice box too. The stone itself was okay. I thought it would be prettier. It does change colors with what clothes you wear, which is a nice factor. It just didn't impress me as much as I thought it was going to. Bummer. <end>  Amazing  I love this necklace, it has become one of my favorites, and I always get compliments on it. Great deal <end>  problem resolved!  Before I ordered this necklace I read the reviews, so I knew the necklace would be smaller than it seemed, and I was okay with that. When the necklace arrived, I loved the setting, but the stone had a crack in it right across the middle, which was very obvious and distracting. The necklace was to be an important gift, for my daughter's high school graduation and her most expensive piece of jewelry to date. I contacted the seller about the flaw and asked if I should return the piece for a refund or for a replacement. I was assured that they would happily replace the necklace for one with a better stone. I returned the necklace to Silver Insanity, and from my perspective, that's where things started to go badly. I never received the replacement necklace. When I queried Silver Insanity, they said that delivery of the necklace had been attempted, but failed, and the necklace had been returned to them. (My husband and I were at home at the time of the attempted delivery, and don't know how we missed being aware of the delivery attempt. I also wish there had been more than one attempt before the necklace was returned to the sender.) By that point I had given my daughter a different graduation gift, and since Silver Insanity already had the necklace back in their possession, I asked to be refunded the purchase price. At this point the transaction completely fell apart. It was ONE DAY after the deadline of having Amazon help me resolve the issue, and I never heard from Silver Insanity again, nor did I ever see a refund to my credit card.UPDATE  Immediately after I posted the above review, I heard from a quality assurance team member from Amazon. They contacted the seller for me and I WAS REFUNDED THE FULL AMOUNT of the purchase. TERRIFIC JOB, AMAZON! YOU WERE GREAT. I honestly don't know what went wrong with my transaction--in the beginning my contacts with the seller were very agreeable--perhaps I just let too much time pass in between my inquiries. I hate to only give the transaction one star, but I honestly don't know how else to rate the experience overall. Other people have been very satisfied. <end>  Not much rainbow  This is a well made item, the only disappointment was that there was very little 'rainbow' effect from the stone, certainly nowhere near what is shown in the picture. I bought both necklace and earrings and this lack of rainbow effect was in all three stones. <end>  Satisfied Customer  I am extremely happy with my purchase of theSterling Silver Celtic Knot Rainbow Moonstone Adjustable Eternity Necklace. It is a beautiful piece of jewelry and I received it in a couple of days. I will do business with this company again! <end>  One of my favorite necklaces  If my ears were pierced I'd buy the matching earrings. I love this necklace so much; a very good buy. It's beautiful, elegant, and catches people's attention without being too flamboyant. <end>
 B000CEZUFE  Pearl earrings, 'White Lightning' 0.4" W 2.4" L ||	  Christmas present  I love these earrings. I was so impressed that I emailed the company right away to tell them so. They are just what I wanted and they came in a beautiful box. I can't wait for my daughter to open them on Christmas day. <end>
 B000CF6H4Q  Turquoise jewelry set, 'Blue Dolmen' 0.4" W 16.9" L ||	  Love it!  This is just beautiful. I have received many compliments about this set. Very striking and lovely. <end>
 B000CGMWDK  Handsome Tan 100% Silk Necktie & Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice gift selection  This is a wonderful gift for a man feel free to buy it with open heart. <end>
 B000CHQ01Y  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Pentacle Spin Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  sterling silver celtic knot pentacle ring  i love this ring and wear it everyday. spins smoothly. i ordered this in a size 15 and i wear this as a thumb ring. i bought a ring very similar to this from a wicca supply store in houston for a pinky ring but this one is so much better. fantastic. <end>  spinner  another well made spining ring . looks mity fine on finger and fits like a glove. <end>  great ring  it looks alot better in person!! beautiful celtic knots!! you do have to clean it really often, though. <end>  Pentacle spin ring review  I love this ring. It is precisely what I anticipated receiving. Silver Insanity has never disappointed me with what I've purchased. <end>  Nice spin, close, but not quite  This is a spin ring with a pentacle in it. This means that the ring is composed of two bands - the inner band fits your finger and the outer band with the design can move/spin freely around the inner band. It spins very well.It has two other glyphs on it (not shown) aside from the pentacle. I have no idea if they are supposed to mean anything, but they are less complex than the pentacle and are not spaced evenly. I was expecting more pentacles or just the one, so in my opinion, this detracts from the ring.Although the ring is solid and is functionally sound, I have two major issues. First, the celtic band is cut shoddily so in some cases it's practically undefined. Second, the 'dark' areas are actually very light so only provide low contrast, which doesn't make the designs stand out.I give this product a 3 because there technically isn't anything *wrong* with it, but I don't feel it's as nice as it's presented on this website. <end>  Pretty cool ring.  I only had one problem with this ring, and that was for the first few days I wore it.. it turned my finger green. It eventually stopped though. Over all, it's a nice ring-- it spins, it's not too big, not too little. Almost perfect. Great ring. <end>  Awesome Ring  This ring is very beautiful and the customer service from the seller was excellent. I had purchased the wrong size (not knowing for sure what size I wear) and I contacted the seller and they responded immediately. I was able to exchange for another size without any hassles. Would recommend this seller and purchase from them again. <end>  This is a great ring!  I got this ring years ago, I'v been wearing it everyday since. The ring still looks great, it has survived it all.I went to the beach where sand got into it at one point, but even after that, the spinning action is still smooth. (I recommend taking it off if you are going to the beach.) The design of this ring is still beautiful after all the years I have owned it. This ring is worth the money. <end>  Awesome Thumb Ring  My fiance has been wanting a thumb ring for a long time, and this is great! The quality is fabulous, and the symbols are very clear. The spinner works really well, and is an excellent stress reliever. <end>  Same result  I also purchased this ring and had the exact same result. Dark areas are very light - almost look yellowish in some areas. Celtic designs are poorly defined between glyphs. Fit and feels nice in spite of other flaws. <end>  LOVE THIS RING!!!  Wonder ring!!! Great quality and nice fitting! It arrived in a nice little black velvet like pouch. Inside of the pouch the ring is in a small plastic bag for protection. Very please with this ring! <end>  Sizing issue  I was given one of these rings as a gift, it was beautiful, unfortunately it did not fit. The ring was ordered in a size 15 (yes I'm a big guy) and I do wear a size 15 but what came was not even close to a 15, it may be a 14 but it'd be tight even for that. The ring is not suitable for a pinky ring so I just stuck it in a drawer. I wish it had fit because I loved the appearance of it. <end>  Awesome Ring!  This is an awesome spinner ring. the graphics on it are great, and the celtic knotwork is very nice. Keeps a nice shine, and spins easily. I am addicted to this one! It is nice to have a pentacle on a ring that is not glaringly obvious and yet there for those who wish to see. I loved both of these that i bought, one for me and one for a friend. <end>  Excellent!  Not only was this ring shipped in an expedient manner, but the quality of the ring was surprising. I had in the past several spinners before, but the quality was so low that the slightest bump and the ring would bend and no longer spin. Not the case with this one. The main body of the ring is incredibly sturdy and solid. I was very impressed and will continue to buy my jewelry from this merchant as time goes on. The quality and service were way above par - somewhere in lunar orbit!  )  )  ) <end>
 B000CHTYGW  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Blue Topaz Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Beautiful Ring  I really like this ring. The genuine silver and genuine topaz for the price is phenomenal! Craftsmanship is not flawless, but it is a favorite piece of mine. An excellent value overall. <end>  Lovely but...  This ring is well made and beautifully crafted. My main problem with it is that the stone is much paler than displayed on the site. However, if that is not an issue for you, then this is the perfect piece. <end>  Good deal  This was a good purchase for the price. It looks nice enough, and my Mom seems happy with her birthday present. Delivery time was a little on the slow side, but not horribly. Overall a good purchase, and I'd buy it again  D <end>  Excellent Christmas  I got this for Christmas and I love it. The stone is so blue and the celtic knots are beautiful. It fits perfectly and am really happy I got it. <end>  DISSAPOINTMENT  so sad....after a very sloooow shipping process I was so happy to receive the ring....or so I thought. This ring is far more expensive than other silver rings I've bought from this seller but I thought the stone would make it worth it...WRONG! The stone is very large and fake/cheap looking and it was set like the leaning tower of pisa very crooked also the setting protrudes way off the ring adding to that cheap costume jewelry look you can't tell by the the picture WHAT A SHAME the tag said &#34;made in thailand&#34; they should have added &#34;with their feet&#34; A LONG WAIT FOR GARBAGE not to mention the size is wrong I compared it to other and its one size smaller? <end>
 B000CJ55EA  Sterling Silver and Two Tone Gold Accent Celtic Knot Marquise Emerald-Green Glass Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Sterling Silver it is not!  I was very excited when I got this ring in the mail. I put it on, and wore it about 3-4 hours. Taking it off that night, I was sad to see a green ring around my finger had already appeared underneath the ring. I went out and bought clear nail polish and painted the inside of the ring with it, and I am happy to say no more green has appeared on my finger when I wear the ring.I am very dissapointed in the fact that my finger was turned green right away. Sterling Silver has never done this to me before, so I have doubts that these rings are actually made or even coated in sterling silver.So be warned  If you buy a cheap ring, you're going to get a cheap ring. Be wise and order accordingly. <end>  Best ring...  I recently Bought this for my daughter. Absolutely perfect quality! it shipped to our home in a matter of only four days. incredible shipping speed. A quote directly form her; "This is the best ring i ever got!" <end>  Beauty with high maintenance  This ring is absolutely lovely and if worn just for special occasions or to match an outfit its ok. If, however you wear it for more than a few days the silver gets very shabby looking and the 'gem' gets hazy so you have to clean with a polishing cloth often. I believe the cost is too high for the quality of the product. <end>
 B000CJ9YBA  Sterling Silver Green Jade 19 x 12mm Tube Stud Earrings ||	  Not exactly what I expected, but still very nice.  I was hoping to get a pair with the same darker green shade of jade as pictured to go with an intense green jade pendant I have, but the pair I received was very light--clear (translucent in some areas) of the tube. These are apparently faux jade for the price, and that's more to why I hoped for a more consistent color as pictured. Also, the ear nuts (back fasteners) are very, very small, smaller than the posts need, making it difficult to secure earring without losing the ear nut. And, once one drops the ear nut backing, heaven must help in finding it--they are that small. I lost both the first and second time of wearing and taking off, never could find either, and had to replace with extras I always keep on hand that are more appropriate for the posts' size and adult ears.They are still very pretty earrings--comfortable, lightweight, not too large or small, and are at a good price. I wear them often. <end>  Good for the price  These earrings look pretty good for $10. They are small, but if you look at the dimensions, you would know what to expect. The color is kind of faint, and I guess that's why they are cheap. Overall, they are fine- a good buy. <end>  jade earrings  These earrings were smaller than I thought but they are beatiful. I receive many compliments when I wear them. <end>
 B000CJBA76  Enhanced Black Cultured Pearl Strand Necklace w. Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Rose Clasp (L1S3R2) ||	  Disappointed  I have a hard time believing that these pearls are AA quality. They are of a very nice size, but every single pearl has significant visible flaws. And the luster is not that amazing. Well, when you wear them, they still look nice, but I believe I could get a better product for the price. Previously I purchased pearls from the Amazon collection that were described as A quality. They are nearly perfect, and the luster is fantastic. I payed for them significantly less than these pearls that I am reviewing. I was torn between keeping or returning them for a while, but I will be traveling for a long time, so it looks like I am stuck with them. <end>  beautiful necklace  I wanted something beautiful and precious for a young person of my family who lives in America, I live in France, so it's difficult to choose far away, I read what you wrote and thought it was the product that will be enjoyed and it was! <end>
 B000CJE1UY  Sterling Silver Wrapped Sea Nymph Mermaid Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  cute, but slight problem  i love this ring. it is very good quality and very well made, however it's not a ring you can keep on at all times.i'm the sort of person who puts on rings, toe rings, anklets, and never takes them off. i can't do that with this ring because of the way it is cast. instead of the inside band being smooth, it is shaped like the mold it was cast in. that creates a little pocket between my finger and the mermaid. that little pocket of space often gets irritated. i don't know if my fingers are just really weird, but other than that i LOVE this ring. i would definitely suggest it to anyone who asked. <end>  Really nice!  Beautifully carved sterling. Came a little bit tarnished but once we polished, itwas as stunning as the image shown. Nice and thick, not at all flimsy. Very pleased. <end>  Love it!!!!!  I LOVE this ring. I was hesitant to buy because the picture here online isn't that great. I received the ring in the mail today and it is beautiful. It has such great detail. I did find however the ring does run a bit small. I ordered one size up so I could wear this ring on my index finger but it is too snug so it found a home on another finger! Seller shipped product incredibly fast and I recommend this product and seller to anyone! <end>  Looks just like the picture  I love this ring. It looks exactly like the picture and makes a great index-finger ring. It also runs true to size (for me, at least) no issues with it running small. It doesn't slip and slide and it adds a little something different from my other rings. <end>  to small,  The ring ran small. I tried getting a hold of the people who I ordered it from, and they never returned my email. <end>  Mermaid lovers rejoice!  I am very pleased with this beautiful ring! I wear her almost everyday! I am obsessed with mermaids, but only the pretty ones. She is beautifully detailed, with nice features, breasts, hair, scales and tail. I have meaty fingers that usually run about a 9 1/2 but with this ring I needed a 10. <end>  bad company  i ordered my mermaid ring for my birthday in July and its now october and no ring. they sent to the address i provided and couldn't find it. all of my other orders have gotten here just fine for the past 6 years.i have repeatedly emailed and even found a phone number online and left voice mails....no response. i think they just want your money to send you crappy silver that you might get.. you might not. <end>
 B000CKG54I  Sterling Silver Pelican Pendant, 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  A one-sided pressing  The picture appears to show a true 3-dimensional charm. If you flip it over you find that it is a "pressing" or hollowed out charm that only looks like a pelican on one side. That means that if it flips over while you are wearing it you are looking at scooped out silver and not a pelican. On the plus side it does come with a very fine chain that looks about 18 inches long. <end>  cute and fun!  for anyone looking for something fun and funky - the pelican pendant is it. It is a constant conversation piece. And living in Louisiana, it has special meaning as our state bird. It is a great gift idea for anyone with Louisiana ties. <end>
 B000CKI7PS  Sterling Silver Dragon Pendant, 2 1/8 inch tall ||	  Celtic Dragon  Sterling Silver Dragon Charm, 2 1/8" (54mm) TallA beautiful piece of celtic work. <end>
 B000CKI7S0  Sterling Silver Skunk Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  Sterling Silver Skunk Charm  My wife just recieved this in the mail today and loves it! they have super fast shipping too. was only a few days between payment and recieving this item. <end>
 B000CKI80C  Sterling Silver Cat & Mouse Pendant, 1 1/4 inch tall ||	  Smaller than expected  Although this pendant is detailed and adorable, it was smaller than I thought it would be. The 1 5/16 inch measurement includes the bail. The pendant itself (including the tiny loop which the bail attaches to) is just 1 inch tall. <end>  Cat and mouse pendant  Bought this for a friend. She loves cats, her own and all the neighbors! It is a nice everyday piece, it looks good and is not too big to be unable to wear often or all the time. <end>
 B000CKK5KS  Sterling Silver Snake Pendant, 1 3/8 inch tall ||	  Disappointed  I purchased this pendant and was disappointed that several days after purchase the chain turned black. I have not worn it since then. <end>
 B000CL4V8O  Amazon.com  GOLD-Colored Men&#39;s Metal Tie Clip Bar with DIAMOND like stones Tie Clasp  Clothing ||	  Junk  After about one year, the tie clip snapped right at the connecting springleaf. I think I paid almost $40.00 for this clip. So I went back to my mainstay tie clip that I've owned for more than a decade, that cost me less than $4.00 at military clothing sales when I was on active duty. <end>  good decent pin.  Good buy. So far no problem using it.Good for formal occasions. <end>
 B000CMFTZM  X - Japanese Kanji "Passion" Sterling Toggle Bracelet ||	  Beautiful Bracelet  Very nice, made the perfect gift. Shipping was fast and info on item, shipping was excellent. <end>
 B000CN59QA  Satin Finish Titanium Metal Wedding Band Ring Size 11 ||	  good but scratches  happy with purchase, scratches easily but once a week buff with sanding sponge to remove scratches helps. <end>
 B000CNNUZ2  Japanese Kanji "Peace" Sterling Ring ||	  Kanji Peace Ring... ROCKS!  This is a great looking ring. The Kanji characters are clearly defined on the ring disk. (Being familiar with Kanji, I should point out that the ring is actually upside-down in the photo.) I love the concave design. It's a weighty silver piece... not flimsy at all. I highly recommend this item. <end>
 B000CO7VGA  Ladies 2CT Tennis Bracelet ||	  Fake Picture!!!  If you are wondering why some reviews say that the items received do not match the picture, please check out BlueNile's website. Look under 2 CT tennis diamond bracelets, and the image this company posted is copied and pasted directly from their website! How can they not even afford to take digital photos of their own products? Sounds fishy to me! <end>
 B000COBXWS  Tribal Heart No. 1 Sapphire Blue Gem Back Belly Chain ||	  just ok  cheaper quality than expected, kinda cute. clasp is totally useless,i guess i'll have to go to a bead shop and buy a good clasp. <end>
 B000CONAQU  Fuchsia Gem Dainty Butterfly Belly Button Ring ||	  Same as the kiosk in the mall, except for the price  I ordered eight navel rings, mostly out of curiosity Sapphire Blue GEM DRAGONFLY Belly Ring,Spiral Twister - Arctic Blast BEACH BALL Belly Button Ring,White Puprle PANDA BALL Belly Button Ring,Blue DOUBLE CABACHON Banana Belly Ring,Pink GLITTER Spiral Twister Belly Ring,Crystalline Gem DISCO BALL Glitter Belly Ring,Fuchsia Gem DAINTY BUTTERFLY Belly Button Ring, andWhite Clear PANADA BALL Belly Button Ring. Normally I buy them from the kiosk in the mall for $25-30 each. Sometimes the kiosk has a deal for when you spend a $100 or more, but even with the deal, they are terribly overpriced.THESE ARE THE SAME as the kind in the mall. Side by side, they are the same quality. They look the same, they feel the same, they are the same. The only difference is that they have not been handled by sales clerks and strangers in the mall. Oh, and the price is not the same.I've discovered that I go through these like earrings. Either a part falls off or catches on clothing and it's all over. All of my favorite ones have been ruined. One part is gone and they need to be thrown away. It's not good to get too 'attached.'I bought these from Body Candy. They arrived in a few days, much earlier than the date given on purchase, and the prices were excellent. <end>
 B000CONAWE  Pregnant Belly Button Ring with Clear UV ends ||	  Not neccessary.  I bought this after I got pregnant thinking my belly would grow making my belly rings too small. Not the case. I never had to take out my original belly ring. The pregnant belly ring is completely unneccessary. <end>  Perfect!  This is just what I was looking for! As I read in other reviews, I cut the bar into two pieces. One was one-third the original size, the other was the remaining two-thirds. My intent was to start with the 'one-third' and if it showed signs of becoming too small I'd switch to the 'two-thirds'. Well I'm at 32 weeks now and I'm sure I will not outgrow the 'one-third' piece. Plenty of space. <end>  Sort of okay, I guess  The good It arrived on timeIt's functionalThe bad The ends were very tricky to screw on. I ended up having to use scissors to ship away at the bar in order to get the ends on. High maintenance!Also, the ends are really bulky and a very lumpy under clothing. No reason to have them that large.But - this is a hard item to find, so I at least appreciate that I have what I needed.Hope this helps. <end>  What a great product!  This arrived in 2 days- amazing customer service. I bought 2 of these pregnancy rings to use as barbells for my industrial piercing, and they're great. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a unique barbell to wear in an industrial/scaffolding piercing, as well as to any pregnant woman looking to preserve her navel piercing. Great product! <end>
 B000CONAWO  Pregnant Belly Button Ring With Blue Uv Ends ||	  Still a Hot Mama! (With a Belly Ring)  So you went through the pain (or bliss, whichever floats your boat) of getting a belly button ring...now lo and behold you find yourself pregnant! Oh dear! Well, you don't have to fret...you can still manage to be the 'hot mama' you once were BC (Before Children) with this belly button ring! It's awesomely easy to size and extremely comfortable! I was able to wear it all the way up to delivery, and would have kept it in if they could have somehow scrubbed it in for the C-section. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 out of 5 is because at first after I cut it to the right size, it was a tad bit difficult to screw the little ball on...but that is basically because putting on ANY jewelry when you're pregnant is rather...trying to say the least...but trying to line up a little ball on a little flexible 'stick' while trying to screwing it on straight at the tip of your bulging (and kicking) belly is a feat even for pre-preggo's. Other than that, it's a definite 'must buy' if you wanna keep bringing sexy back while you're pregnant  o) <end>  Not what I thought it was going to be  I bought the ring because I had seen pictures in magazines that the bar will flip over and follow the curve of your belly as you grow. I started wearing it at month 6. It never flipped and I ended up taking it out in month 8. However, it was a little bit helpful in that the gauge was smaller so I could stretch a little more and didn't end up losing the hole. Now I'm back to my regular rings and they're fine. For 7 bucks, you might as well but it's nothing glamorous. <end>
 B000COO816  Crystalline Gem Dangling HANDCUFFS Belly Button Ring ||	  Cute Be;;y Ring  It's a cute belly ring with the handcuffs dangling. I thought it might have been a little bit bigger, but it's still cute and I like that it's stainless steel. <end>
 B000COUBM6  REVERSIBLE Pastel Crystalline Gem DAISY Belly Button Ring ||	  Great  This belly ring was really great. Mint condition, really cool, and described perfectly by the seller. <end>
 B000COUBZS  Pregnant Belly Button Ring With Light Blue Uv Ends ||	  just what I wanted  The package arrived right on time. It was just what I was looking for to save my piercing while being pregnant. It was a very long ring so I was able to cut it in half and get two and it was easy to re-thread just as they claim. I'm not sure why anyone would call it "cheap" it's flexible but not fragile by any means. I would recommend this item to anyone who's piercing is getting uncomfortable with a regular ring or if it's getting stretched out at all. <end>  Great belly button ring for pregnancy  Very long, was able to cut into two pieces and therefore two belly button rings. Balls thread and screw on easily. Flexible bar is comfortable. <end>  Very disappointed  This product looks great, and when you open it, it seems great. But it isn't at all. I should have listened to everyone else. The ends where the balls screwed on were so mis-shapen and sharp, that it cut my belly ring hole when I tried to put it in. I tried cutting it, but that didn't do anything either. Now I have to wait for it to heal. Do not waste your money. <end>  Not worth it.....  I loved having my belly button pierced before I was pregnant, and while I was pregnant, I kept my belly button ring in. When it started getting uncomfortable for me, I bought this ring. The balls fell off a lot and it was a little bit too long. In the end, I never put my belly button ring back in, so I should have just taken it out all together while I was pregnant. <end>  eh, good seller, but product doesn't work  There is not a thing wrong with the ring itself, it is exactly what I thought I was getting and showed up on time. But it doesn't serve it's purpose well. Because the plastic of the ring is so long (it slides around and catches on things a lot) and a little abrasive(like a thick gauge fishing wire) I ended up with an infection anyway that I didn't seem to be able to clear no matter what I used to clean it, without giving up and taking the ring out. I have had my piercing for 10 years and never an infection even though I have not always used rings made of appropriate metals or taken great care, but this ring irritated within hours. Possibly if you start using it soon enough the skin will toughen to it and you can avoid this, but because my belly was already pretty big when I switched to this one, the ring would rub and really had no hope of working. <end>  JUST HOW I IMAGINED  The bar is flexible and can be cut to any sized for the wearer's comfort. I'm 7 months pregnant and my son already weighs a ton, the ring comfortably adjusts to the stretching skin around my piercing. I have no problems unscrewing the balls, as I have regular standard belly rings. <end>  fantastic  This barbell is fantastic. The flexible plastic is great for when you stretch. It's easy to cut it to any length you want. I kept mine the original length for most of the time because I didn't know how much I'd need to trim it down. It's super comfortable. Very happy with this purchase. I've had no problems with it at all. <end>  comfort during pregnancy  Product was just what I needed. It is flexible and doesn't causes pain as your belly grows. You also can cut it to fit your body. I cut mines a little longer, so I could grow into it. <end>  Ow  This item took three weeks to get to me, it was missing the extra balls, and it gave me an infection.I personally didn't like it and thought that it was cheap. <end>
 B000CPNE38  Charm Bracelet Girls Stainless Steel Heart 8" Bucasi SALE ||	  Great Gift to my niece  I bought this for my niece and she loved it. Adjustable clasp so will fit her wrist as she grows. Good quality for the price. <end>  Great for 8 year old granddaughter  Was looking for something that would please an 8-year-old granddaughter. Love this as it can be added to so gives easy ideas for future gifts. <end>  Great quality  a very pretty and dainty bracelet. My niece loved it and you can add charms to it if you wish. The company was amazing, with great customer service. I highly recommend them and their products. <end>
 B000CPR3AI  Bracelet Ladies Stainless Steel Hypoallengenic Adjustable ||	  Really cute bracelet  This bracelet is sooooo cute. I bought it with the intention to give as a gift but I had to keep it. It is soooo nice, it was difficult to part with it.An update to review above - Really cute bracelet but not very strong. The link at the end has broken 3 weeks ago, had it repaired and it is broken again. Gave it 5 stars initially but I am changing to 3 stars as it is a nice design but not strongly built. <end>
 B000CPR3AS  Bracelet Stainless Steel Link Black for Men By Bucasi SALE ||	  Beautiful Disapointment  The Product looks great, and fits and fall on my wrist perfectly. The Huge problem this item has is that the clip to lock it comes off so easily. The first time I wore it, it came off twice that night. Luckily I found it on the floor; so I put it on my pockets for the rest of the night. Since I like the look and it falls great on my wrist. Now I have to use a small band aid to secure it. I don't recommended for that reason. <end>
 B000CPR3BC  "Daisy Chain" Rosary ||	  Even better in person  I got this for Christmas for my girlfriend. She has one of those yellow Volkswagen beetles but she actually decorated it with daisy stickers and daisy rims, so when I was looking for a rosary to match inside her car, this was perfect! It looks so much nicer in person and very elegant. Received it in about 3 days with no problems. <end>
 B000CPSTZQ  14k Yellow Gold Small (S) Size 16mm (5/8" or 0.65") diameter Endless Hoop Earrings, Children/Men/Adult Fit Eternal Loop Flexible Perfect Fit Design, HYPOALLERGENIC ||	  Low key and elegant  I don't wear bobbles and big flashy earrings. I like the simplicity of these small hoops and the fact that I can comfortably sleep while wearing them. Good price too! <end>  These are perfect  I like comfortable earrings that I can put in and just leave. These are perfect. They're not in the way and there's no problem sleeping in them. These are great. <end>  Gold Hoop Earrings  My item arrived within the stated time. I found this vendor to be very helpful and would pruchase from them again! <end>  Awesome  It was just what the picture and description showed on Amazon. I totally love it. BEAUTIFUL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I search the web for 5 days trying to find an earring for my boyfriend and nothing worked until I found this.It is very classy and my boyfriend loved it as well. <end>  Fantastic Customer Service  I would definitely purchase through this seller again. Processing + delivery of purchase was very prompt! I was impressed...thank you! Edna Cooke <end>
 B000CPYTRI  Pugster Buddhist Bracelet Angel Cat Religious Italian Charms Photo ||	  THIRTEEN DOLLARS???  This price is ridiculous, for this charm or any one ordinary charm. I bought this on eBay for less than 25% of the pricetag here. Cute charm - ridiculous Amazon price. <end>
 B000CQ0OAI  Sterling Silver Sword Pendant, 1 3/4 inch in width. ||	  beautifully crafted  All Sabrina Silver charms and pendants are lovely, and there is a huge and unique selection. <end>
 B000CQ2TEW  Sterling Silver Wheel Barrel Pendant, 1 1/2 inch tall ||	  silver charm  was pleasantly surprised with detail-perfect size and 3 d.The charm looks great as a pendant or on a bracelet <end>
 B000CQ4YNG  Sterling Silver Ballet Dancer (Ballerina) Pendant, 1 3/4 inch tall ||	  great charming pendant!  This was a beautiful little pendant that ended up being a great gift. It arrived on time and was a big hit. <end>
 B000CQ5APW  Pugster Daddy's Girl Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Dangles without Dangles!  Cute and appropriate for a little girl's bracelet. Some big girls like this also. Well made and easy to put together. Ed <end>
 B000CQE580  Copper, Cranberry & Green Freshwater Pearl and Oxidized Sterling Branch Bracelet with Toggle Closure 7.5" ||	  Beautiful and Unique  This bracelet is beautiful and very unique. I love it and get lots of compliments when I wear it. <end>
 B000CQG9SE  Bright Mixed Freshwater Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Another awesome set of earrings from artist Erica Zap!  I love these earrings just as much as my wife. I bought her these to match a colored fresh water pearl necklace and bracelet I bought her from Blue Nile. Blue Nile didn't have any matching earrings and, after searching all over the web for something similar to the necklace, I found these. They aren't a perfect match to the pearl necklace and bracelet, but close, and the distance between the earrings and the necklace is far enough and close enough in color that they look like they were both made by the same person. The artist who makes these is in Rhode Island, and I went to her website and poked around after buying them. I love her work, very creative, beautiful stuff. I highly recommend these earrings and this artist, who had them in my hand two days after I ordered them!  -) <end>
 B000CQT4DG  10 Strand Sterling Liquid Silver 20" to 24" Necklace ||	  More beautiful than expected  The 10-strand sterling liquid silver necklace is exactly what I was hoping for and more. It is gorgeous - the perfect size and weight to wear all year, dressy enough for business wear but nicely worn with more casual attire. I am rather conservative in my dress and don't like accessories that call too much attention to themselves. The 10-strand necklace is perfect  substantial enough to enhance outfit without being too obvious. It is elegant. It is one of the best online purchases I have ever made. <end>
 B000CQY25Q  12mm Bali Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Tiny!  These earrings are teeny-tiny. I mean SMALL. Yes, I knew they'd be delicate from the picture-- and I knew they'd be 12mm in diameter. But the gauge of the "wire" part of the earring is no thicker than 18g. Very thin.I was looking for tight-fitting, small hoops for everyday wear that wouldn't get in the way at the gym or dojo. These definitely don't get in the way... and they'll have to be everyday earrings, since there's no way I'm wrestling with the damn things to replace them more frequently than every couple of weeks. This pair was easier to get in than the others from the same collection of earrings from this seller-- those were a nightmare. These probably would've been harder for me if I weren't used to the others (and regular captive-bead rings like in my navel.I'd reconsider ordering these if you have anything but the most elfin of features. If you're like me, and have more than one set of holes in your ear, I'd definitely recommend these for third-hole-and-higher usage. <end>
 B000CQY26K  14mm Plain Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  So sorry I spent the money  I purchased a pair of hoop earrings and knowing that they were not expensive; but I truly expected more than what I purchased. The wires were broken when I opened them when taking them from the package and I ended up tossing them away. What irritated me the most is that the cost of mailing was more then the earrings. When I received the package I noticed that the return address came from only 40 miles from my address. The company charged over $5 to ship these tiny little earrings that they could have just dropped in a reguar envelope and sent using regular postage. I really feel ripped off and won't purchase from this company again! <end>
 B000CQY288  Glass Red Rose Pendant On Hemp Necklace ||	  Exactly like it looks online  Unlike some of the other necklaces in this category, this one actually is what the item photos suggest it is! Also, the clasp includes a matching red bead that fits easily in one of several loops, allowing you to adjust where the pendant sits on your neck. Highly recommended! <end>  Love it!  This has to be the best hemp necklace I ever bought. The pendant is just gorgeous and very detailed. I've actually had a lot of people compliment me on it. The rest of the necklace is very well made. Easy to put on and its very secure. I havent had any problems with it falling off ever. And I wear it to sleep too.Gorgeous necklace. I am very glad I bought it! <end>  Hemp necklace  Really like it. Easy to get on, but not to take off so no worries about it falling off my neck. <end>  Gorgeous  Pictures can't really do justice for the rose pendant on this necklace. It's gorgeous - it has a lot of detail and dimension to it. I like that the necklace has three loops so you can adjust the length slightly. A great buy at a great price. I definitely recommend it. <end>  Wonderful piece of jewelry  I bought this necklace for my best friend as part of her Christmas gift and I hope she will love it. I know I do, it looks amazing. Completely beautiful. Absolutely worth the price, I would have paid double for what I received. <end>
 B000CQZOU8  Sterling Silver Sing Live Dance Love Inspirational Message Gift Necklace ||	  Great gift for someone special!  This charm necklace is just the item for someone who deserves a little something special. It's just the right size for teens, and not too flashy for the more mature set. The charms are lightweight, but the engraved messages on them are not! This can be a great thank you, a wonderful birthday surprise, or a thoughtful encouragement to a loved one. As soon as I saw the first one I purchased, I called back and ordered three more. And I'm afraid that may not be enough. <end>  Beautiful Charm Necklace  My daughter received this necklace as a Christmas gift and it is so great. It is something you could wear everyday, strong enough to hold up but dainty enough for a teen. A wonderful, thoughtful present! I plan to purchase these for gifts in the future. <end>  Cute and Affordable!  I purchased this for my niece's 12th Birthday. This is a great value for sterling silver. She dances a lot, so I think she'll love it. Perfect length for young girls, with extension. This came wrapped really nicely, as well. The necklace itself came in 2 small ziplock bags, one smaller than the other. The charms and 1/2 the "chain" were in the smaller bag, and then everything was in the larger bag. I believe this is to keep it from tangling. The entire thing was then in a blue/turquoise "velvet" drawstring pouch, which was, in turn, in a matching, turquoise gift box. The packaging is also perfect for a teen/tween! Great product, fast shipping! <end>  Great necklace  I wear this necklace everyday and it is my second one. Great job in sending this to me. The only beef I have is that the first one cost half what this one cost. <end>  Wonderful Necklace for all ages  I have been wearing this same necklace since 2002.The only reason I ever have to re-order is because I have lost a charm. This necklace reminds me of life and brings strength to me. I would never wear anything else around my neck! <end>  Great for a teenager...  Great gift for a teenager. Its very nice quality. Better than I expected. Very heavy in weight. The charms are small which are perfect for a teenager. Great price for the product. <end>  a very nice unique item..  &#34;This item is really nice and unique if you are looking for something non-traditional. One tiny issue, it looks bigger in the picture. I's not that small but i really wish it was bigger.&#34; <end>  better chain  I love love love the necklace tags and sayings but you can't get these off unless you cut the necklace. The necklace is nice except for the portion near the clasp that is the rings to make it shorter or longer (which again, is a nice feature) but it always tends to work it's way to the front and looks ugly. I've had it for over a year and wear it a lot. I just need to cut the necklace and put it on a chain that I like and it would be PERFECT. Great quality and I get a lot of compliments. My sister has tried to steal it a few times as well. Guess it's time I buy one for her. <end>  very nice  bought this as a gift and it worked well. She loved the gift. Would recommend this, the tags are smaller then I thought they woyld be but I am happy with it <end>  Maria Cruz is happy with her neclace.  My little brother gifted me with the Amazon gift card and I bought the necklace I have always wanted and luckily found on your website. THANK YOU so much Amazon for having what I wanted.My only concern was that the box was open next to my mail box and should not have been placed on the ground next to the mailboxes (4).A very satisfied with my necklace and wear it proudly.Marialia Cruz <end>  Dainty and unique  i really like this, bought it for my daughter, it is delicate and very unique, not an everyday necklace to wear for a 10 year old but it is a great quality. <end>  Dance  This is for my granddaughter who loves to dance and sing. It will be a Christmas gift so I hope she'll love it. <end>  delicate and pretty  tags were small and delicate but the message was meaningful. Arrived in a timely fashion as well. Inspiring thought for each and every day. <end>  Cute Necklace  This was a great value. Bought it for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it. <end>
 B000CQZZ9I  Glass Mushroom On Black Cord Necklace ||	  No ability to contact seller  No option to select specific color for daughter for whom liked color. Trying to buy for Christmas gift. But delivery was fast and otherwise very exceptional. Would like yhe opportunity to exchange for prefered color... Great quality product. <end>  was used, broken and glued together  Who sells and ships something that is used, broken and glued together ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? <end>
 B000CQZZES  Celtic Spiral Pendant ||	  celtic spiral pendant, sterling silver  This is a lovely pendant. The design is very good and it is well-made. I am enjoying this pendant very much. <end>  celtic spiral pendent  I gave this pendent 3 stars because it is ss it looks more like pewter than ss.The pendent is still very pretty. <end>
 B000CQZZKW  Small Bamboo Bead & Hematite Ball - Necklace ||	  Beaded necklace  My grandson loved this beaded necklace. It was very nice quality and just perfect for what I was looking for. Only drawback was that the shipping for this one item was within 50 cents of the price of the item, making it cost nearly double the price. I have since orderd more items from this same company and it appears that their shipping charges are the same no matter how much you spend........wish I had known that in advance and I would have combined orders. <end>
 B000CR1XCU  12mm Bali Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  stealable  When I went to Thailand one of the vendors at the Floating Market asked to have a look at the earing, said she really admired it, but then she didn't want to give it back,(probably wanted to copy it). So I had to buy another one. I also enjoyed it. I now have a spare as I have two holes in my ear. <end>
 B000CR1XHU  Metal Bone Link Necklace ||	  Okay  Had to fix the clasp on this before I could wear it (clasp wouldn't open). Also, the finish is already wearing on the necklace. <end>
 B000CR1XIE  Kokopelli - Sterling Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  awesome  This kokopelli necklace is totally awesome.It has a 3-d effect and is a very detailed piece. Being a collector of Kokopelli, I knew when I saw this piece it was a must have for me. After placing my order I anxiously awaited my necklace, when it arrived I was thrilled. It is totally AWESOME!!!! I LOVE IT!!!!!!! It is now my favorite Kokopelli piece. <end>  Terrific piece!  I was very happy with this pendant....arrived promptly and in great condition. It is just as described and large enough to see the 3D like effect. I also like that it will fit on many different chains and ropes that I have in different colors, making it very versatile. <end>  Kokopelli  What a lovely pendant -- 3-D and just the right size. Well worth the money. <end>  Very nice  This pendant is very nice and the perfect size for a necklace. I plan to put it on a jade necklace with sterling silver for an accent. <end>
 B000CR1XKM  Large Pentacle Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  A Very Nice Pentacle  I just retired the first pentacle I ever owned, seventeen years after it was given to me. This is a nice replacement. The interwoven look only applies to the front side, though, so if you are looking for something that's got the design on both sides, look elsewhere. Otherwise, if you prefer a piece of jewelry that has a very discernable front and back, this is the piece for you. Nice weight, decent price, quick delivery. A real find! <end>  Very satisfactory product  The neckace was shipped in a very timely manner. The materials are rather good quality; the pendant itself is solid and the cloth rope is actually waxed so that knotting it is easy and secure.Overall, I'm very happy with it. <end>  good buy  the pentacle was exactly what I wanted. the string of this pentacle is nothing fancy it s just a black cord. and it is not too big or small. <end>  Absolutely Adorable!!!  Love it, Love it, Love it!!! This is my first pentacle as a Neophyte and Ive been searching for the perfect one for 3 years now. this is it, its the perfect size and as someone mentioned before the interlocking design only appears on the front which isnt a problem at all but I thought you guys should know..it was in perfect condition and came with the generic black string that most pendants of this type come with. the quality of the silver is top notch....don't hesitate to get this pentacle from this seller, its totally worth it <end>  Decent but deceptive.  The pentacle pendant I received was "decent" but not nearly as nice as the one pictured. I wanted something simple but beautiful, what I got was a let down. The angles are off and the proportions are uneven, making the design actually look like a mistake. I can't just turn it over because the circle is bowed out too much between two points and the back is also uneven.I decided to keep it because its my very first pentacle and I'm not perfect either. As I transform, I know the perfect one for me will come to me in time.That said, I would not recommend this product. It's price plus what you pay in shipping make it a rip off. <end>  Awful!  The item I received is NOT the same as pictured. It looks and feel like plastic. I'm pretty sure it will fade because (and I'm not kidding) it reads 924 instead of 925!!! I almost can't believe it. I'm very dissapointed. <end>  excellent and I would gladly recommend you guys to all of my friends and companions. I was so impressed by the product.  excellent and I would gladly recommend you guys to all of my friends and companions. I was so impressed by the product. <end>  Lovely but tarnishes really easily.  I was very pleased with this until I realized that it tarnishes super quickly. I purchased a jar of silver cleaner specifically for this, and it didnt remove all the tarnish. <end>  Excellent silver pentacle  I am very pleased with my purchase of this silver pentacle. It was just the right price, just the right size, and is very high quality. I got the cut-out kind because it can be seen better over clothes, and this certainly does that. A jumpring allows the cord to be put in so that the pentacle faces outward. I also like how the metal is nice and strong.The only problem I had with it was that there was no apparent indication that it came with a cord, and so silly me, I bought a cord at the same time, which wasted some money. That, and the cord could be a *little* bit longer. With my hair down, I can get the necklace over my head just fine; if I have ponytails or pigtails, it's a little difficult. And with a hat, I can forget about it. But that's my only complaint, and I'm going to give 5 stars because that complaint is more to do with my large head than with the length of the cord. <end>  Beautiful workmanship!!!  I bought this on a lark, but I'm glad I did. The company was very prompt, and the pentacle is BEAUTIFUL!!I'll be proud and glad to do business with them in the future!THANK YOU! <end>  Pendant  Get real how much can u say about a neckalace, It's a very fine quality silver, good thickness,& looks great on me. The Bear <end>
 B000CR1XMK  Pendant Sterling Silver - Celtic Cross ||	  Tiny  Arrived almost 2 weeks after order placed. Very small and dainty; black leather cord would fit most small children. Ended up giving it to my wife; definitely not something for a guy. <end>  My teen/young adult males who like necklaces really liked this.  I ordered these for the young men in my life, my two sons and two nephews. It's smaller than I thought, about 1/2 inch in diameter. A nice size for the young men though. The cord has to be tied on and the boys were 50/50 on whether they liked that. I'm ordering a black jeweler lace with a clasp for my oldest son. He has to take his off when in uniform and it will make it easier for it. The string was long enough easily and their necks are about 15 - 16 inch range.We are Irish decent and I liked giving them something stylish with meaning and enlightening them about their ancestry too. I'm very happy with them so far. I ordered three at first then went back and ordered a fourth after seeing them.This is an aged-look silver. Rustic and masculine with the black cord in my opinion. <end>
 B000CR1XPM  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Blue Gem Dice ||	  ugly  When I bought this product I was expecting something completely different. for starters the latch on these earrings are horrible, they don't work very well and are hard to get on. the bar to the earring is very thick for an earring. <end>
 B000CR1XPW  Stud Earrings Sterling Silver - Small Blue Gems ||	  tiny sparkly blue earrings  I ordered these for my husband, and he loves them! They really do sparkle, and are small enough to not be too girly. Great gift for a guy! <end>
 B000CR1XQG  Crawling Lizard - Pendant Necklace ||	  Sterling Silver Lizard Pendant  This pendant was purchased for my son age 12. He loves it and wears it every day. It came with a black leather neck strap so I purchased a sterling chain to go with it. So far, the pendant seems to be wearing well...not turning black or anything and as I said it's something my son wears every day. We have 2 lizards as pets ( an Austrailian bearded dragon and a marine Iguana ) my son adores them and now he has a momento to wear around his neck.Nice product at a reasonable price. <end>
 B000CR40ES  14mm Bali Hoop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  I couldnt get them open  These wouldve been perfect for my industrial piercing but I couldnt get the earrings pen. I dont know if its me but it just wouldnt budge <end>
 B000CR40K2  Claddagh Pendant ||	  Good gift for males  The Claddagh symbol holds great meaning for me, so when attempting to find a Valentine's gift for my husband I immediately searched for something with the symbol on it. This is the only pendant that I found that was not girly. As someone else said the back is textured so there's no way to engrave it but the symbol itself stands for everything I wanted to say to him. The pendant itself is not too big nor too small. It is about the size of a quarter, maybe a little bit bigger. Overall very satisfied with this product. <end>  Perfect match  Purchased to add to the front of our wedding album. It is a perfect match to the stamp we purchased. It is a little heavier than your standard charm. Just perfect for our needs. <end>
 B000CR40MK  Actors Bracelet Sterling Silver - Comedy & Tragedy Masks ||	  BEAUTIFUL  I bought this for my best friend who is in theater and it is wonderful. <end>
 B000CR40P2  Stud Earrings - Inlayed Peace Signs ||	  Peace earrings  These earrings are TINY! Also, the peace sign looks more like a cross...NOT what I was going for. The arms of the peace sign that are suppose to slant down barely do, plus they are a bit rounded instead of straight. Good thing they were only $4. <end>  kept it despite...  The earrings I bought and received didn't look like the earrings that are advertised, so I was disappointed but i kept them because i didn't want to go through the hassle of mailing them back. <end>
 B000CR40PM  Bamboo & Stones - Necklace Sterling Silver ||	  It was actually a little big for my fiance's taste  I bought this for my fiance, and he liked it, but it was a little too big for his taste. No big deal because it was easily shortened, but just thought I'd contrast with the above review. It does all depend on personal taste. I was surprised by how big the stones and bamboo pieces were when I received this. I guess I just expected something more slender. All in all though, a cool necklace. <end>
 B000CRQQ3G  Celtic Triple Spiral - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Two Totally Different Rings!  I just recently bought this ring for the second time and I have to say I am very disappointed. The first time around I bought it for myself and I absolutely loved it. It was perfect. The sizing was amazing and it didn't turn my finger green. It was a great middle finger ring. I wore it all the time. I went out of town and ended up forgetting it at the hotel I was staying at. By the time I realized I wasn't wearing it, it was too late to go back and get it. I re-ordered it and I'm disappointed. The ring itself is a lot thinner than the first one I got. It seems like it could break at any moment. After wearing it for a day it already started turning my finger green and showing discoloring in the ring itself. Also, at the bottom of the ring there is a big clip in the band. Overall, I loved the ring the first time around but the second time I was very disappointed. <end>
 B000CRQQY0  Walking Turtles - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Charming  If you know someone that is a turtle fanatic, then this will certainly give them a thrill. It was just adorable and my daughter loved it. It is demure and understated enough to not get in the way but visible enough for people to see and ask about... an opportunity to brag, what could be better? <end>  Super cute!  Purchased this as a Christmas gift for someone who is a turtle fanatic. It's absolutely adorable and I know she will love it. Shipping was fast and product was just as expected. <end>
 B000CRQR5I  Anarchy - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Nice for price  the "red" dims quite a bit when you wash your hands with it on alot, but its heavy and fairly good quality <end>  not bad  this ring is okay, is very small though and feels flimsy, but it is only a ring. the picture makes it look bigger, but it is about the size of most womens rings. <end>
 B000CRTHCS  Medieval Cross - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  bleeds  The rings look absolutely awesome. Unfortunately they don't like my skin. They bleed out on my skin. Because of that I can't give them a great score. <end>
 B000CRTJAI  Om Tranquility Band - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Great quality  Beautiful ring. The size is perfect and the quality of the silver is excellent. I wear it as a reminder to meditate and focus on the positive aspects of life. Ommmmmmmmmmmm............. (which is a C# tone  -) <end>  Om ring  very nice ring exaclty what i wanted!wish it came in a size 14 then it would have been perfect <end>
 B000CRTJB2  Celestial Band -Sterling Silver Ring Size 12 ||	  Beautiful Ring!  I love celestial items and saw this ring at a great price. It is just as beautiful as I had hoped. I love it! Looks even better than the picture! It arrived quickly and in good order. Wonderful purchase. <end>
 B000CRVAN2  Cobra - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  love this ring  I love this cobra ring! It fits perfectly. It's not heavy nor big, where it can be distracting. It's just a really simple ring with a personality.One small negative thing about it is that the cobra face can get in the way with pockets. When you reach in your pockets for some change or keys, the ring sticks outside of the pockets. So, you have to "dig into" yourself and then down to your pockets.Otherwise, I still love this ring! <end>
 B000CRVAQO  Tribal Arrows - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Nice ring for the price  I have been wearing this ring non stop. Some of the black in the engraving is wearing off a bit, but it gives the ring some character. You can't beat the price! <end>
 B000CRVAUU  Large Tribal Celtic Braid - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  OLD GLORY TRIBAL RING  FAST DELIVERY- ARRIVED WITHIN 3 DAYS OF ORDERING. SIZE AS ORDERED, JUST AS DESCRIBED. WILL DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY AGAIN !! <end>  Nice!  Ring looked bigger in the picture, but i should have known that. Overall the ring looks great! <end>
 B000CRVB8G  Wrap Around Hearts - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  beautiful  This is a beautiful ring, dainty but very sturdy and i can tell that it will stand to the test of time, but the sizes run small. I wear a ten, and this ring, in a size ten will barely go on my finger and is not wearable. They do not offer it in a larger size, so i am out of luck. Very disappointed. I have been loosing weight though, so i will hold on to it for a while, it should fit soon so i guess not all is lost. Just sad i cannot wear & enjoy it now. <end>
 B000CRVBC2  Mushroom - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Expectation  Hi, I ordered the cute little mushroom ring for my daughter and she loved it! It was everything that was expected and the quality is good. I would recommend the item and the Company to anyone!R - in NC <end>  Love It!  This is a sweet little ring. I use it as a pinkie ring. Glad I got it. Shipping was swift. Recommended as an old-school hippie ring. <end>  mushroom ring  This was a requested gift for my daughter. She loved everything about it. And a 1/2 a year later the ring still looks as good today as the day she opened it at Christmas. I received it fast and the size was right. The price was good too. Very happy with this ring an the seller! <end>  it ain't sterliing silver, but it's cute  This turned my finger green after one day's wear. i put on the clear nail polish so it stopped but it's a cute ring. the sizes are a little messed up i got a size twelve and it seems pretty small when my class ring is an 11 and big, but i wear this ring everyday because im a huge mushroom fan. it's uber cute but if you buy this item apply a layer of clear nail polish before wear. the price is a little high as well but that's fine. <end>  Love it  I love this ring. Nice detail and good quality, would recommend to anyone who likes it, a good buy. <end>
 B000CRWB2G  Choco Seeds and Metal White Bracelet-Spiral "Amazon Harvest" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  I love this bracelet!  I ordered three of these as Christmas gifts and they were very well received and I absolutely regret not getting one for myself. <end>
 B000CRX3UU  Triple Delight Band Ring ||	  wont let me change my stars  so, i originally was in love with this ring, but then time passed. the "gold" started to rub off and turned my finger green. yeah, apparently that still happens. so, don't buy this ring. it's an awesome idea, and great if you buy quality, just not this. it was a waste of money (of course, after i could return it) <end>
 B000CRXBWA  Sterling Silver Ring Aztec Suns Size 10 ||	  Gumball machine quality ring  The ring was a very cheap version of the otherwise nice looking ring in the photo featured for sale. I was shocked at how cheap the ring was. Don't waste your money. <end>
 B000CRXC7E  Sunflower - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  sunflower ring review  very nice and pretty ring. am not pleased with packaging. item wasrolling around loose in box. <end>  Sunflower  Sunflowers are my favorite thing in the world. I have them all over my house inside and out. I liked this ring and it fit perfect. I have alsoordered some differnt sunflower jewelry and this ring mixes very well.Greay Buy, I would recommend for everyone. <end>
 B000CRXCH4  Crawling Skeleton - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  bones  great ring. I bought it for my boyfriend about a year ago. It's kind of big, but looks good on a man's hand. <end>  Not for the weak!  This skull ring is a highly detailed piece, but I must worn, that the piece is highly raised from the hand and is heavy on the hand. One elbow sticks out quite a way from your hand, so watch out for injuring people when shaking hands! It does slide around the hand due to being off kilter because of the way it is sculpted. But again, for an avid skeleton lover, it is a must have. <end>  love it  would love to buy another mine is getting worn out. Good quality do not put in sterling cleaner it takes all the color out of ribs. <end>  Great piece, good service  The piece is perfect. It is exactly what was stated and is an eye catcher. Item did arrive within the time frame allocated. You will not be disappointed by a purchase from this seller. <end>  Love This Ring!  This is a fantastic ring that just makes you laugh. The detailing of the skeleton crawling up your finger is hysterical. It is also very comfortable to wear. Great item! In addition the ring was delivered in a very short time period without any problems for the holidays. <end>  i love this ring  i bought my ring a couple of years ago from a seller on ebay. i use it as thumb ring. the elbow does stick out from your finger quite a bit but you quickly get used to it. beautiful detailing on the ring. i'm female, with slender fingers and it doesn't overwhelm my hand. <end>  Great Product, Even better Company.  I bought this ring from Old Glory. It was delivered on time, but was the wrong size (my fault not them). I called them and found out the size I needed was not in stock, so they let me return it and my card was credited the next day! Good company to do business with. They take care of their customers! <end>  Love It!  This ring is very cool and detailed. While it is heavy, it is my favorite. I only wish it came smaller for a girl's hand. <end>
 B000CRXCLK  Irish Friendship / Love Claddagh - Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Looks Cheap and Awful  This ring does NOT look as pictured. It arrived today (almost 3 weeks after I ordered it) and is extremely thin, has tarnish marks, and the metal filigree on the crown shows up only in random places. It looks like it came out of a vending machine and I'm obviously pretty disappointed. I won't be buying anything from this vendor again. <end>  Clad. Ring review  The ring is gorgeous, but it looks a bit cheaper than the one in the picture. It's still pretty much what I was expecting, and it's pretty durable- An overall good product. <end>  Luck of the Irish  Being part Irish and born 3 days after St Patricks day, hence my name I was lucky enough to find this item at Amazon.com and it is a top class item with a good finish. The ring seems to keep it's shine with no maintanence required. As usual the service and delivery at Amazon.com is second to none. As an American living in Australia there are so many things I can't get in this country which is why I get things like jewelry from them. Couldn't be happier with this ring. <end>  okay  when i bought this ring i thought i would absolutly love it but i did not. the band was bigger that i thought it would be, and i just didnt like it overall. <end>  Wow  This ring is NOT sold as pictured. My best friend has been wanting a Claddagh ring for years so this was supposed to be a wonderful Christmas present. Though it arrived on time, the ring was HORRIBLE! Tarnish marks are everywhere, the ring was obviously not polished because the edges are sharp, there are only three fingers, not the desired and realistic four, and the crown is bent to a 45 degree angle. I am taking it back and very upset by the product all together. <end>  Mom loves it!!!  Very nice ring at a great price. My mom loves it. Highly recommend this seller. <end>  Well....  It didn't really look like the picture at all and it looks kind of thin. It's still really pretty and my girlfriend liked it so that was a plus. It did arrive in a timely fashion but the part about it shipping within 24 hours is a lie. Overall, I'm satisfied with this ring. <end>  My cousin is pleased  My cousin is pleased with this gift and began wearing as soon as she got it. <end>
 B000CRZ6C8  Center Pearl with Clear CZ lined Yellow Gold plated Ring ||	  Very elegant  This ring was a pleasant surprise for the price. It looks sturdy but dainty. the pearl is not overly sized. The band is georgous. I noticed a stripping of the pearl in the first few days but that was obviously the protective film, as what lies underneath is still shiny and pearly. I gave it a 4 star instead of 5 because the sellers should state what type of pearl it is. I think its simulated but I am not sure. I am thinking about buying one more for a gift. Good work Nvie and your delivery time and customer service is commendable. <end>
 B000CS15RW  CZ Peppered Triple Delight Band Ring, 9 ||	  Great deal  She loved it !!Thanks for the fast service. (Sorry I am so slow with the feedback) <end>  pretty but delicate  this is a really pretty ring, but, since it is "rolling" type ring, the gems fall out quite easily. Also, there are two gold bands, and one silver band, instead of three different colored bands (gold, rose and silver, etc), which would have made more sense. The two gold, one silver just looks odd. I got a lot of compliments the first few days I had the ring, but after that the gems fell out, so, I don't wear it at all. <end>
 B000CS1DAG  Completely Handcrafted - Designer Sterling Silver Flower Citrine Bead Dangling Stud Earrings ||	  Just Wonderful  The earrings are of wonderful quality strong dense silver with a beautiful pendant tear drop. I simply adore them they are really worth every penny. <end>
 B000CS6342  Sterling Silver Amber Teardrop Earrings ||	  S.S. earrings  I ordered these earrings and they were made we'll and they were shippedbefore Christmas, but when I open up the package I was surprised onhow small they were. They were beautiful, so I did keep and give as gift. <end>
 B000CSA1PE  Sterling Silver Spanish Lace & Black Agate Bead Earrings ||	  Spanish Elegance  I love these earrings. They make me feel like a Spanish senorita. The backs for the posts are bigger and sturdier than your run-of-the-mill backs. Very nice. <end>
 B000CSBXR4  Sterling Silver Western Scroll Diamond Cut Hoop Earrings ||	  Great Earrings  Really satisfied with the quality and overall look of these earrings. Just the right size and they go with many different looks. Would definitely purchase from this line again. <end>
 B000CSF0UK  Sterling Silver CZ Bracelets - Princess and Baguette CZ Silver Bracelet ||	  worth every penny  I have had this bracelet for two years now and I just love it! I get so much attention when I wear it! It is so well made. The prong work is excellent. Sometimes I have caught a prong on clothing and have had no problem with anthing. If you are looking for a beautiful piece of jewelry this is it. I wear it with jeans and dressy clothes. <end>  Stunning  Bracelet is beautiful, almost like a bangle it is so wide. There are a lot prongs and that is my only concern is losing a stone. But right now it is taking my breadth away. I use to work for Zales and it looks very well made. Well worth the money <end>
 B000CSJ16Y  Adorlee Asian Jewelry Box ||	  Beautiful jewlery box  It is a beautiful jewlery box, but I used it on a bridal shower party toput the gift envelops, I got many complements.It is worth the price. I recommend it. <end>
 B000CSKLAY  Sterling Silver Turquoise Mosaic Heart Y Drop Necklace ||	  Nice for small girls  I bought this for my daughter-in-law, who fortunately is petite with an Aubrey Hepburn-style neck. The chain is beautiful and sturdy, but is shorter than I expected (maybe I didn't read the fine print) and should rightfully be called a choker instead of a necklace. The heart is also smaller than it seems on the screen, but is a lovely stone. This product will look good on a child or a tiny adult. <end>
 B000CSOUTC  Multi-Color Cultured Pearl Multi-Strand Silver Chain Lariat w. Bar Crystal Slider ||	  Stunning!  When I received this necklace I was even more amazed at how beautiful it looks in reality than in the picture. It is very elegant and feminine and looks wonderful with a v-neckline. The colors of the pearl are a nice combination, and I should point out that the chain is made of 3 parallel chains which just makes the whole thing look even better.Do buy this necklace if you want something elegant to wear for Day or Evening. <end>  Pretty but long and easily tangled  I bought this necklace because I wanted an interesting pearl necklace to wear with business clothes. This necklace is attractive and the pearl colors match many items in my wardrobe. However, I find that I don't wear this necklace as often as I'd anticipated wearing it because the longest pearls are a bit too long for me so they end up getting stuck down the front of my V-neck tops (most of my tops are V-neck, another reason I went with this necklace style instead of a more traditional string of pearls). Also, the dangling pearl strings get tangled easily so I have to be conscious of unwinding them throughout the day. The quality seems reasonable although I would have preferred the chains to be a little bit fancier looking (such as smaller links and shinier). Ultimately, this is a nice necklace but I don't get as much use out of this necklace as I'd expected for the price so I'm giving it 3 stars. <end>  love it!  I was extremely happy with this purchase. I love all pearl jewelry, but was looking for something different than the "garden variety" I see everywhere. I was not disappointed.....I was very pleased with this necklace. It's the perfect combination of color, size and femininity. It was not as long as most lariat style necklaces I have seen and so it doesn't slide or hide beneath clothing-it lays just perfectly above a v-neck top and the pearls hang just as the picture shows-in graduated lengths which really looks nice. <end>
 B000CSQVIK  Ruby Red Sterling Silver CZ Anniversary Band ||	  Pretty but not perfect  This ring is pretty and flashy. I receive lots of compliments when I wear it. I think it runs a little small due to the design. I ordered a size 7 for my middle finger but the ring feels like a 6.5 so it's tight on that finger but loose on my ring finger. Since the stones go all the way around the ring it feels a little bulky and it's hard to get used to it rubbing on my other fingers. If the underside was a band instead of stones it would probably fit better and be more comfortable. The 'diamonds' on either side of the rubies are what I call 'dust' and either larger stones or none at all would actually be better. <end>
 B000CSSOAS  Sapphire Ice Sterling Silver CZ Anniversary Band ||	  Very Unhappy  I knew within the first few seconds that this ring would be going back. I've been looking for an inexpensive band with a row of sapphire-like stones in the middle and a row of diamond-like stones both sides and I was hoping this would be it but it wasn't. This looks cheap. What was truly surprising is that they got the CZ to look so authentic but the "sapphires" looked like beads. This ring looks like a novelty ring. Certainly not worth the price! <end>
 B000E1585M  Long Sterling Silver Beaded Chain Earrings with Gemstone Chip Dangles - Turquoise, Amethyst, Carnelian, Rose Quartz ||	  rainbow delight  Interesting that the other 3 reviewers state their earrings are just as pictured, whereas mine are not. From top to bottom mine are the following colors  purple,bright green, turquoise, pale green, orange, bright green, purple, white and orange. So you see, I have different colors. So I guess you can't expect to get exactly the same color combination as those pictured. Actually, I prefer mine to theirs. So were all happy. They are 2 1/2 inches long and I do believe that they are better looking than the picture. I gave them a 4 star rating only because mine are not the same colors and if you wanted just those colors, you would be disappointed. <end>  worth the money  These earrings are perfect for summer - multicolor goes with anything - lightweight, easy to wear <end>  pretty  These earings look just like the picture and are well made. They are a little long but are very pretty. <end>  Cute!  I was very pleased with these. They look exactly like the picture. No complaints. <end>
 B000E1RLHK  Sterling Silver and Green Aventurine Flower Necklace ||	  Great necklace!  What a beautiful necklace! Very happy with the purchase, and I received it quickly. Would definitely buy from this merchant again. <end>
 B000E1U7M6  Shell Pendant Necklace with Ink Blue Baked Glass Beads [Clearance] ||	  Could have been better..  Its good for the price but its a lil misleading in the picture..the silver beads which are in between the ink bue beads really stand out as compared to the displayed picture,the shell cud have been finished better, but i guess in the end u get what u pay for .. <end>  Perfect inexpensive piece of costume jewelry!  I was looking for a bold necklace with blue accents to match the bright blue shirt that I bought my sister for Christmas. I was thrilled to find this necklace selling on Amazon for such as great deal, and even more thrilled when it arrived to find that it looked great against the shirt that I had purchased. The first thing that my sister said when she opened her gift was "I love the necklace!" Unlike some other larger pieces of jewelry, this necklace is quite lightweight because of the plastic beads, yet the center shell pendant still gives it a substantial appearance. Plus, I like that this necklace had a metal clasp rather than cheaper versions that you see on some other inexpensive jewelry items. Overall, I feel like this is a great deal for a pretty accessory that will enhance your wardrobe; definitely recommended! <end>
 B000E21BFC  Silver Swarovski Crystal Teapot Pendant 14" Necklace ||	  quality/craftsmanship/service  I HAVE COLLECTED TEAPOTS--THE REAL ONES FOR OVER 30 YEARS. I HAVE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD OF 140--MOSTLY MINT CONDITION-ANTIQUE AND OTHERS-EVEN ONE THAT I DID MYSELF OUT OF POTTERY-IT IS A LADY MOUSE. BUT, THIS LITTLE TEAPOT THAT I ORDERED IS JUST BEAUTIFUL--LOOKS EVEN BETTER ON. AM HAPPY THAT I FINALLY FOUND ONE-I HAD BEEN LOOKING FOR A WHILE. REGARDS, D H <end>  Unique necklace  I purchased this necklace for a lovely young lady who was just learning about tea making and it was the perfect size. The crystal was clear and set in a sterling silver teapot. The 18 inch chain was also unique although I prefer a 20 inch chain. I would recommend this item to anyone looking for a unique gift. <end>
 B000E28VB4  CASA D' ORO ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW LIPS LICENSED ITALIAN CHARM ALEEGOLD ||	  For the fans  Great looking charm for those Rocky Horror fans out there. Nice detail, silver, timely shipping, very satisfied. <end>
 B000E3182W  CASA D' ORO SCOOBY DOO DANGLE LICENSED ITALIAN CHARM ALEEGOLD ||	  DON'T BOTHER  This charm was so small it was hard to see that it was Scooby Doo. I bought it for my daughter for her charm bracelet but I won't even bother putting it on. Nobody would be able to see it. They should have included specifications with the description. I wouldn't have bought it had I known it was so extremely tiny. <end>
 B000E3DFJ6  Sterling Silver Green and Clear Crystal Bracelet 7.5 inch Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Luv it!  This is the 4th item Ive purchased. I love them all. I have the pink crystal earrings, bracelet, and pendant. Now I have the green bracelet and Im sure I'll be getting the blue/purple one soon. They are easy to wear. Go with everything. Very durable and made well. I highly suggest this product line. <end>
 B000E46M04  Sterling Silver Layered Oval Dangle Earrings ||	  Beautiful with matching necklace  I gave these earrings as a gift to my sister for her birthday and they look great on her. And, they came in nice black pouches---great for gift giving! I can only comment on the lovely initial appearance. <end>
 B000E4ARDW  Sterling Silver Sculpted Open Square Pendant, 18" ||	  Much smaller than it looks online  This pendant is very pretty, but it's not quite what I expected. The dimensions are given as 3/4 inch high and wide, but I was picturing it a bit larger. I also thought the chain would be more robust, but it is very fine. It is packaged in a cheap felt bag inside a cardboard box. These are not bad things, and I do like the necklace, but I thought I'd put down my misconceptions to help others make a decision. Overall the product seems to be of very good quality. <end>  Loved it !!  It was a gift for my sister in law - it looks great on her - I wish that I would have kept it for myself - might order another one now..... <end>  terrific!!  This necklace was even more beautiful than the photo. My other mother absolutely loved it. Great quality. Great packaging. Amazon was great as always! <end>  Pretty  It is a bit smaller than I expected, but I love it. It is a pretty and interesting piece. The chain is nice, too. It has become one of my favorite necklaces to wear. <end>  Wonderful!  This necklace is even nicer than it looks in the picture. Very shiny and eye-catching! For people who have complained about the quality of the chain - I just substituted a higher-end chain that I have from a different necklace and it looks great! <end>
 B000E4AREG  Sterling Silver Oval Pendant, 18" ||	  Very Nice Piece  The length is just perfect, for me laying just below the collar bone, stylish, sleek. The chain itself has a good quality feel to it & the pendant itself is not matte the way the pic may depict it, it's actually very shiny, metalic. You could get it engraved I'm sure. <end>  Nice quality for the money...  Got this during an additional 60% off sale. What a deal! Very sleek. Looks nicer in real-life than in photo. For the price you get a nice weight chain. You can get the pendant engraved, which I plan to do for a gift. Great buy! <end>
 B000E4C8C0  Sterling Silver Children's Guardian Angel Pendant, 13" ||	  Childrens = Infant to toddler, not child over 5?  I bought these for my 2 boys (2yr & 8yr), but wish they had put a recommended age up to 5 years. I do like them don't get me wrong, but chain only fit my 2 year old. Should state for Infant to Toddler, not child over 5 maybe 6. I know it does state 13", should've measured my sons neck I guess. Pendant is about half size of a dime, (I thought it would be a little bigger) I do like it, just put another longer chain that I had.Clasp was really hard to lock too, the opening had just enough room for the chain to be pushed in and them clasped shut, other than that is was okay, they do look nice. <end>  BEAUTIFUL BAPTISM GIFT FOR A BOY  It is difficult to find gifts for a boy but this piece of jewelry is beautiful and can be worn by both boys and girls. Made a lovely gift for baptism. <end>  Cute for Kids 5 and under  Got this necklace for our godson- it is very nice looking and the price can't be beat. It's smaller, so I recommend for kids 5 and under. Comes packaged very nicely for gift giving. <end>  Not happy with pendant  It was much smaller that I anticipated. So small can't see guardian angel on pendant. Very disappointed. The pendant had to be magnified to be able to take a picture. <end>  Perfect for Babies or Toddlers 2 and under.  As some other reviews have mentioned, this set is not for anyone over the age of 2. The pendant itself is very small and lightweight the image is of angles with a small child. I had bought these for my twins to wear so that they may be reminded that they are never alone and are protected by angels. It was too small for my three year olds so I made it into a pinned charm instead. Works well that way too, I could always purchase a longer chain and probably will in the future. . It is a nice piece of jewelry. <end>  Small but beautiful  This was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, even for a child's necklace. It's beautiful, though, and my great niece was very happy with it when she opened it on Christmas Eve. <end>  Small but ADORABLE!!  The necklace came in a box and velvet bag. What a neat way to send this gift. This necklaces comes just as it looks online and it's that small. I bought it for my three year old nephew, and it's perfect for him. I just hope he doesn't break it before he gets to wear it out!! <end>  Perfect!  My mom purchased this as a Christmas present for my 16 month old. It is a perfect size, weight and length. She won't even know its on. ADORABLE! <end>  Miss leading on how big the pendent really is  From the way the pic look i thought that the pendent was going to be much bigger then a dime if not infact smaller tham a dime <end>  Very small  It's sweet for a baby if deemed safe, but barely visible to the naked eye because it is extremely tiny. <end>  Really nicee  I bought this medallion for my 4 year old son, and it fits him perfectly, perfect lenght, really cute , good quality i'm pleased !!! <end>  St. silver children's Guardian Angel pendant  A very delicate piece - the medallion was small but finely made, the child is wearing it and loves it. <end>  Very,Very Tiny  As the title states, VERY tiny. It is so tiny it's difficult to tell that it is a guardian angel pendent. Can't see it. You would need a magnified glass to tell. The chain isn't worth keeping. I would definitely purchase another chain if you are considering this pendent. I got it for my 5 year daughter as a Christmas gift. One good thing is the pendent/charm has held up well on constant wear. Has not indicated any tarnish effect. I am giving it 4 stars because the description did give measurements and it was prime ship so it did get here quickly. knocked off one star due to the chain. <end>  Lovely  I just received this item and plan to give it to my God daughter who is 3 1/2. It is quite lovely and delicate. Perfect for a girl her age. <end>  Parents loved the gift  Parents loved the thoughtful gift. Comes in a little blue "purse". It is small, so be careful with the item with small children. <end>  beautiful piece of jewelry  I bought this as a gift for a child. It is the perfect size for her and it was beautiful. <end>  i got the box but nothing in it!!!  i was buying this as a gift for my youngest sister and i had it sent to my mothers house. when the box came i was so excited to give her the necklace, but when i opened the package and then the jewelry box it was EMPTY!!!!! i felt so ripped off and my little sister was heart broken because she got all excited. it felt like a bad joke or something. please take it from me and do not purchase this necklace because you won't get it! <end>
 B000E4S98C  Authentic Dazzling Black Hills Gold Sterling-silver Yellow-gold Women's Rose Bud Ring ||	  I love this ring  This is such a pretty ring--small and dainty, timeless and comfortable. I love wearing it but it would also be perfect for a very young girl. <end>
 B000E7K1E4  Classically styled black enamel button cufflinks with presentation box. ||	  Nice Cufflink Pair  I like this pair of cufflinks as slightly formal alternative. I have silver knot cufflinks, but I believe these are too formal for some occasions. These will do just fine for a formal day at the office or a business meeting. Definitely recommend! <end>
 B000E7MXXQ  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Pave Settings Rhodium Plated Polished Finish 12mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Stunning!  I have had this ring for only a few days and let me just say that this picture is great but still doesn't do this ring any justice. It is absolutely stunning! This pave setting is a perfect mix of vintage mixed with a modern look. I adore this ring and am heavily considering buying another as I am hard on jewelry and don't ever want to be without it. I also have received many many compliments. Great value at a great cost  D <end>
 B000E7R2QY  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Princess Cut 8 x 10mm Yellow Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Rhodium Plated 2.5mm Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Lots of Glam!!!!!  I love, love this ring. When I got it, it was everything that I expected and then some. The quality of the stone is amazing. The color of the citrine zirconia is just like the image, if not better. The ring is true to size. I love it so much I just ordered the same ring but in the blue topaz. The stone shines a lot,so if you like shine this ring is definetly for you. I highly recommend it. I received it quickly as well. I got it after four days. Hope all of you find this helpful. <end>  Citrine Cubic Zirconia Ring  Good quality and lovely ring! The stone is big and is true to size. This is exactly what I looking for. And as other reviewer said is more yellow than the picture, but for me is not a problem. <end>  Sparkley  The ring is sparkley. Delivery was very fast. It is a nice ring to wear to a night club. Good quality. The only thing I don't like about it - the color is more yellowish in reality, I wish it was more like in the picture. <end>  Dazzling!!  I bought this ring for my sister who loves big bold jewelry. It really picks up the light and sparkles. We are very pleased!! <end>  Beautiful ring!!  I bought this ring for a gift for a friend, and am just thrilled with it! It is a substantial ring that will stand out and get attention. You have to see it to appreciate how much is sparkles and shines. You really can't afford NOT to buy this ring! <end>  Fabulous!  Perfect for big fingers! Hard not to notice so if you're looking to get attention, this might be the one to do the trick. In direct light you're bound to enjoy its view.Ring went to several relatives before I received it and each receiver wanted one. For that price it's a real eye catcher. <end>  great ring!  this is a great ring! true to size...the color is as pictured. looks great on my right hand and matches most of my outfits. <end>
 B000E91IQ2  Florenza - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Quite a Beautiful Ring!!  This ring is just what I was looking for, in that my watch and bracelet which I wear on the same hand, is two-tone gold so this item compliments perfectly. I wanted a wider band; since I don't have tiny fingers, I wanted a band that was substantial and stately. It is a heavy ring, not flimsy in the least, yet because of the comfort fit, it is extremely comfortable on the finger. The etched design truly sparkles - it is quite eye-catching, yet not overdone. I am extremely pleased with this purchase; the item and delivery were as promised! <end>  Nice Ring -know your ring size  The ring itself was very nice. I liked it because it is a bit more unique than most wedding bands.Unfortunately, I had to return it for a different size since the size guide on the Amazon web site will not give you the correct size. DON'T USE IT. Go to a jeweler and get your finger measured if you don't know your ring size.I did reorder this ring in the correct size and I am very happy with it. <end>  Five Star Ring - Five Star Service! (Go to Jeweler to find your ring size)  This is an enthusiastic review not only of the ring - which is as beautiful as it looks in the photo here, but of DiMarco Jewelry, which provided absolutely superb customer service when MY error (compounded by Amazon's ring-sizing method) resulted in my ordering the wrong size.True story - my wedding ring was lost when I had to quickly change my surgery scrubs due to being called in emergently on an infected patient.The Mrs. And I love to use Amazon, and we looked and found this beautiful ring. After many years I had forgotten my ring size, and Amazon posted a handy guide to print out, cut out and use to figure out your size. I did this and ordered the ring.The ring came - beautiful as in the photo - and WAY too big. I contacted the company and the nice DiMarco person said "sorry, we try to inform our customers on the Amazon website to not use the Amazon sizing guide, but we still get lots of people who order the wrong size."Anyway - I shipped the wrong ring back to them after getting the correct size from a local jeweler. (For those who don't know - any local jeweler will be glad to size your finger gratis.) For a small re-stocking fee DiMarco immediately turned around and mailed my correct size.The ring is beautiful and it was my bad - corrected by the company. Recommended. <end>  Beautiful ring DO NOT USE AMAZON RING SIZER  I purchased this as a replacement for my wedding band which I had lost.I rated it a 3 only because of the ring sizer guide. I recieved the ring which is beautiful but it is 1 full size TOO BIG! I used the amazon ring sizing guide which is a link directly on the page for this product. I contacted the vendor and they stated the ring sizer for AMAZON is wrong. Im in the process of having to return the ring to get the correct size, however upon reading the return policy and wrong size ring policy it ready about paying a fee plus shipping to get the correct size. Im not sure if Im going to have to pay a "fee" yet as I havent gone through the process but if I do have to thats just wrong! Apparently the vendor has told amazon repeatedly that their sizer is incorrect but yey it remains on the page for the product.So do yourself a favor and DO NOT USE AMAZONS RING SIZER!!If I do have to pay a fee I think it should be AMAZONS responsibility to pay this and not the mis informed customer.I will post back once I get more info from the vendor.Also you can not have this resized yourself as it is a 2 piece ring. <end>  Beautiful rings  We ordered these rings for our wedding and they were even more stunning when they arrived than the photograph shows. One of the rings was too small so I shipped it back and within days they shipped out the correct one. We are very happy with these rings. Mine is 6mm and my husband's is 8mm. Turned out perfect. <end>  Just what I wanted!!  I had been searching for a two-tone wedding band for several months. There just didn't seem to be much to choose from in the local area. After visiting several jewelry stores and finding nothing that I liked that was under $300, I went online and B-I-N-G-O, there it was on Amazon. I ordered the ring and received it within a week. I love it and could kick myself for wasting so much time going from one jewelry store to another. <end>  No bargain  This is the worst experience I've had with a purchase on-line. The ring didn't fit, I measured it before I bought with the ring I've been wearing for years, however, because of the comfort fit feature it was too small. I contacted the company and they said to send it back and just pay shipping and they would send me another size, UPS called to tell me I had to pay a 48.00 tax fee on it because it was Canada, so I had to pay 12.00 just to get it sent back to me. After paying everything I've put 211.00 in a ring that is worthless to me, because it doesn't fit. <end>
 B000E95BKQ  Oggi - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  bad quality  The first night that I used them were green. I returned them and these was more expensive the return what the product price <end>
 B000E95BZG  Orazio - Stunning Two Tone Comfort Fit Wedding Band for Him & Her! Custom Made! Choose your Size. ||	  Beautiful craftsmanship  The ring was exactly what I wanted. Make sure you go to a jeweler to get sized before ordering, mine came perfectly sized. The craftsmanship is very detailed, and the ring is beautiful! I bought it for my husband's second wedding ring. I was afraid it would not look as nice as his previous two-tone gold ring, but I'm very happy with the purchase. The silver is bright and almost the same color as my white gold ring. Please remember the gold on this is only 10k, so it will be a lighter gold color. <end>  Simply Stunning  I ordered this ring after searching high and low for a stunning, yet affordable wedding band. I received the item FAST, overnighted free from Canada. I am absolutely beyond satisfied with the beauty of it! The company is great to work with and answers emails promptly. You WON'T be disappointed if you buy this ring! I get many compliments on it! <end>  Beautiful ring  My partner and myself ordered a pair of these beautiful rings after California legalized same sex marriage last month. The wedding is in July and we are looking forward to wearing them. Nice detail, good weight and prompt shipping.Looked at a few jewelers and were amazed at the prices. These rings were a fantastic bargain. <end>  Couldn't believe the quality for the price.  Couldn't believe the quality for the price. Quick shipment from Canada made this an excellent purchase. My wife wants one to match. <end>  Perfect  Recently had a baby and didn't want to wear my engagement ring/wedding band. I was looking for something beautiful but also something that was easy to wear. This band is perfect. It is not only gorgeous but so comfortable to wear and smooth so it doesn't scratch baby. It looks great on my hand. <end>  Orazio two tone comfort fit wedding band.  I gasped when I first saw it online, it was so beautiful. After receiving it though, it was heavier, and wider than I had wanted. The company charges a $40 restocking fee on returned items, so I kept it. <end>  Wow  Just Gorgeous! Absolutely beautiful. All the great words to describe just the perfect set for the perfect day. Thank you. <end>  Beautiful  Ordered two of these for our anniversary. They are lovely, though ladies with smaller hands might find it a bit thick (I happen to have long narrow hands, so this ring looks great).A caution on size. Having been warned about the amazon sizing chart we used the one from Blue Nile to size our old rings. This resulted in us getting a ring that was 2 full sizes too large for me and a full size too large for my husband. We essentially wasted $75 to have one ring resized instead of simply going to a store to have our fingers measured. As such I highly recommend that if you are not 100% positive of your ring size that you go to a jeweller and have them size you.The image really does not do this ring justice. It is truly stunning. <end>  Excellant!  We placed the order for this ring on 11/5, received it FedEx on 11/11! It came from Canada to Georgia in one day. The ring is absolutely beautiful. The details are stunning. It is a very smooth fit & a perfect fit. It's even prettier than the picture. I love it! I will definitely buy from this company again. <end>  Nice Two Tone Ring  The ring is very nice. I only wish it were a little thinner. The metal is quite thick for females. It would be perfect for a male. It is great to be able to get such perfect sizing - not just whole sizes. <end>  Very Very Very Happy  Let me tell you, I order this ring not only is the ring very stunning but the price was very good. For some reason it didn't ship after a week, so I email the seller got a responds and they over nighted the the ring (very impress with the responds). I am in Iraq so I had the ring ship to the states to my soon to be wife, she flip when she saw the ring, was happy, I could hear the the smile in her voice, she took several pic of the ring on her finger, off her finger in the box...lol lol. I am glad that she is happy with the ring.....she said to me no one has ever done anything like this before....I haven't seen the ring yet it will be another 2 weeks until I am home...as long as she is happy then I am happy...THANK YOU SOOO MUCH !!!!!! <end>  Gorgeous!  We received our new rings today, and they exceeded our expectations. They are every bit as beautiful on our fingers as they are in the pictures. Delivery was prompt.We are delighted with these rings, and would definitely order from this merchant again. <end>  Beautiful Piece Of Jewelry!  I was searching for a "replacement" wedding band. I scoured the internet looking for the same band or a close copy. I found the "Orzio" band and couldn't believe my luck! I was a bit apprehensive because the item and designer was unknown to me at the time, but the design and price was right.I called the company and they were most gracious and accommodating. I ordered immediately. When the band arrived I was stunned! This band was as gorgeous as my orginal band! The fit and finish flawless! It's as comfortable to wear as my orginal. I highly recommend this manufacturer and I will order additional pieces in the future! Thank you again for designing a wonderful piece of jewely at such a reasonable price! <end>  Absolutely Gorgeous!!!!!  I ordered my ring on April 14th and had it in my hand on the 22nd. This was amazing timing!!!! In reading the reviews and using my other rings to find my size I normally wear a 5 but when I read the reviews that the ring runs just a bit smaller I ordered a half size above my normal size. A PERFECT FIT!!!! I ordered mine first to see exactly what it looked like and to make sure my sizing was correct. I was a little skeptical about ordering jewelry online, but this truly surpassed my expectations. I plan on asking my boyfriend to marry me next month. I have had a time trying to figure out his ring size since he has no rings for me to measure. I actually had someone try on one of his riding gloves that he uses for biking and then I measured my own finger in my riding glove. I am hoping the size difference between my hand in the glove and without the glove will be the same for him. I can't wait to see the look on his face when I present him with the ring!!! This ring is soooo beautiful!!! I LOVE IT! <end>  STUNNING!  This beautiful ring's delicate floral inlay is detailed and memorizing. The quality is beautiful. My fianc&eacute; says it reminds him of Lord of the Rings in a girly sense.Beautiful and a great buy!!!Thanks =) <end>  Gorgeous!  We bought this ring as a wedding band for myself. In person it is absolutely gorgeous! I was so excited to see it and am very happy that we decided to buy it! I love that they mixed silver and gold to make it more affordable. Customer service was amazing and helpful and shipping was fast! We highly recommend this and the Allegra ring as wedding bands! <end>
 B000E95HFU  Silver plated oblong cufflinks with multi colored enamel with presentation box ||	  Awesome  I absolutely love these cufflinks.The color accents make them look a little different and they will go with so many ties.Better looking in person <end>
 B000E99PEY  Amazon.com  Silver Polished 1st Lieutenant Officer Insignia Set- 1 Pair  Clothing ||	  Silver Polished 1LT Insignia Set  The Silver Polished 1st Lieutenant Officer Insignia Set is absolutely beyond compare. I'm definitely very satisfied and I'll be doing business with this vendor again. Thanks! <end>
 B000E99PS0  Amazon.com  1653 Army Aviator Wing Insignia Pin  Clothing ||	  Just like the real thing  I am an army aviator and needed some wings for a small project and these are just like the real thing. <end>
 B000E9PJY4  Nickel Free Sterling Silver 9mm Solitaire Clear Cubic Zirconia Pave Polished Finish Rhodium Plated Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Huge stone  I really like this ring's design, but my only problem is that the stone is so large that it does not look real. However, if you like large stones, this one is for you. <end>
 B000EA85NU  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Antique Finish Toering Star Toe Ring ||	  cute ring  I bought this as a ring for my four year old. He loves it and wears it always. I know it's a toe ring, but it works and the price is great. It's durable, cute and that's about it. <end>  Quite a Bargain  Toering Stars Antique Sterling Silver / B000EA85NUI really don't like to order jewelry online, because you never know what you are getting, but this turned out to be a real bargain. The toering is really great quality - I've been wearing it almost nonstop for a week now, and it doesn't show any signs of getting loose or falling off. The silver is bright and shiny, and the star detail is very intricate and professionally made. The antique detail looks fantastic - I really like the blackened finish inside the stars. I haven't had any trouble with skin turning green or with any skin rashes, and I'm very happy with this product, and I feel that I got it at a really good deal.~ Ana Mardoll <end>  star toe ring  I am happy with the toe ring but a little disappointed that it is supposed to be sterling silver and my toe turned green....oh well It's still really cute. <end>
 B000EADGNE  Sterling Silver Purple Jade Back Post Dangle Earrings ||	  Quality product, great price  Quality product, great price. My 15-year-old niece LOVED them--birthday gift to her. Her mother (my sister-in-law) loved them due to unusual color & shape. When I saw them later in person I loved them--more attractive even than in pictures. By no means "too heavy" as other comments stated, at least not for one 15- and two 55-year-olds. I may get myself & my sister-in-law a different shaped pair in same purple stone for Xmas. <end>  Beautiful!  I love purple and these earrings fill the bill! They are just as they appear in the picture. I will enjoy wearing them. I will definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Very Cute  The earrings are very pretty, in a gorgeous pale purple. They are very delicate looking, and gives a feminine touch to any wardrobe. However, they are heavier than I thought, which I guess makes sense since jade is really stone. I had to push the stud backing all the way up so the earrings can be secure.It's not something I would wear everyday because the weight will hurt my ears but definitely for a more formal night out. In fact, I liked it so much I got the green jade version. <end>  Match perfectly  I needed a pair of lavendar jade earrings to match a pendant I purchased in California last spring. I saw these on the website of Amazon.com and decided to order them. They match perfectly in size and color and look wonderful as a set. The price was right also. I think it's a great deal! I am ecstatic! <end>  nice but too big  The shape and the color are very beautiful. But as the other buyers complained, it's pretty big and heavy, not suitable for young people I think. <end>
 B000EAMQ80  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Wavy Bangle Bracelet 2.6 inch ||	  GREAT STYLE, WEIGHT AND PRICE  I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package with my bracelet in it. The style goes so well with my other bangles and the 'waves' really stand out. It was a great bargain and I love it! <end>  Pretty but small in diameter  This bracelet is lovely and affordable, but the diameter of it is smaller than the rest of my wife's bangles. We had to oil her wrist to get it off, in fact. If have even medium sized hands, it may very well be too small. <end>  perfect  I bought this for my girl who LOVEs sterling silver. She was very happy and it fit perfectly, even better was the great price. <end>  Beautiful product  When I recieved this item I was impressed by its appearance and weight. This is no cheap light-weight bangle. It's brilliantly shiny, polished and beautiful. It came with a gift box -which is a huge bonus. I plan to give it to my aunt for Christmas this weekend - she collects silver bangles. Great gift for a decent price. <end>
 B000EAPWW2  Sailor Moon Cosmic Crescent Jewel Box ||	  A cute little box  I don't recall sailor moon actually using anything that looks like this box in the series so the box isn't of much interested to the "purist" sort of sailor moon fan. The box does contain one important piece of sailor moon memorabilia though, the Empyrean/imperium jewel. This is removable from the box and can be used to upgrade the musical crescent moon wand made by irwin and sold separately. Fresh out of the box it can be worn as a wing or worn on a plastic necklace that also comes with the box.The crescent box itself has a cute little design and can hold a few small trinkets and treasures. I'd mostly recommend this to someone wanting the crystal to upgrade their wand for cosplay or a younger fan who might just enjoy the cute little box. But, this little box could easily make a nice addition to any sailor moon collection. <end>
 B000EBA6GS  Tiny Unicorn Charm in Sterling Silver, #11277 ||	  very nice  good quality unicorn. very small, so it fits on a chain with a lot of other pendants. Beautiful arftul design <end>
 B000EDILKE  Amazon.com  Sterling Silver 3D Ice Figure Skate Earrings 925  Clothing ||	  These are so cute!  The detail is just great!! My daughter will love them! What a great pair of earrings for the price  ) <end>
 B000EDILL8  Amazon.com  Sterling Silver Ice Skating Figure Skater Earrings 925  Clothing ||	  Gift for my ice skating 16 year old cousin in Singapore  Anja is on the Singapore ice skating team. She said she saw many earrings of ice skates but never one with an ice skater. This 16 year old really likes the earrings I got her. <end>
 B000EDL4RG  Ruby and Diamond Twist Pendant 14kt Yellow Gold ||	  Happy with transaction  I was very happy with my purchase. Item was as described and was received on time. I would purchase from this seller again. <end>  Well worth the price!  I gave this to my wife for Christmas and she absolutely loved it. The pendant is just the right size for her and the stones accented it perfectly. Not to mention how friendly the Amazon merchant is to deal with. <end>  Nice but could be better  The look of the pendant loooks great but if it was presented in a nicer box it would've been much better <end>  So beautiful!!  I am totally in love with this ruby pendant, I don't take it off at all! it's beautiful and stylish and very reasonable price too! <end>
 B000EDL4Y4  Sapphire and Diamond Circle Pendant in White Gold ||	  not as good as the picture  Pendant appeared as stated, Chain extremely knotted upon arrival which required a long delicate de-tangling effort. Chain itself was unacceptably thin. We ended up purchasing a separate thicker chain to improve both the looks and durability of the piece. <end>
 B000EDLVLK  Amazon.com  Sterling Silver 3D Eiffel Tower Paris Earrings 925  Clothing ||	  Perfect Size, not too big!  I really like these earrings, they are not too big, just the right size to be classy, NOT 80's clich&eacute;.I took off one star because one of the connector rings was loose when I received them, but they are good quality earrings that I am sure it was just my pair.Also, it was easily fixed without much effort.Packaging was nice, in a pretty pouch tied with a ribbon!They are also brighter and shinier then the picture, I'm glad I chose this pair!!!! <end>  great earrings!  absolutely love these sterling silver earrings....have a friend who is currently embroidering a shirt for me using silver thread and when she is finished I will have a matching Eiffel Tower shirt to wear with these super earrings.... <end>  Item as described and pictured  Sometimes ordering items on line, such as these earrings, is difficult to do. The picture and description described the earrings, so not only was I pleased, but so was the recipient of the gift. <end>
 B000EE1KO2  Rose Quartz Cubic Zirconia Flower Cultured Pearl Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Very pretty...  This is a very pretty & dainty ring. The pearl and cubic zirconia are a beautiful accent to the pink rose quartz petals. The cubic zirconia could pass for real diamonds, they're so sparkly. I collect rocks, minerals, and gemstones so I have several pieces of natural and polished rose quartz. The rose quartz on this ring has some rough edges where it was cut, but it only adds to the personality of it. It just made me think that the beautiful delicate petals were once part of a bigger mined mineral that was cut and polished down just for me!  ) This ring is an overall good choice. It's definately girly! <end>  Great ring dependent on occasion.  I bought this ring for my girlfriend who thought it was beautiful, but describes it as not being an "every-day ring." I would highly recommend it for a holiday gift, but perhaps not for something like a promise ring. <end>  Picture makes it look larger than it really is, but it was perfect!  This is a beautiful ring, it is just smaller in person. I gave it to my best friend on her wedding day and she loved it so much she wore it in the wedding! <end>  Perfect, better than the picture.  This ring was very attractive to me in the picture. The pink quartz and the pearl immediately caught my attention when I saw the ring online. When I received the ring from the seller, I was very excited! The ring came in a beautiful box with a unique design. The ring itself seems very well created. It is not only very beautiful and sits wonderfully on my hand, but it is also very sturdy! I recommend it for anyone who likes it in the picture - you get more than what you pay for. <end>  Not for small hands  This is pretty in picture, but not for small hand like mine. I am asian 5f tall, and have pretty tiny hands so if you do, this ring looks like a toy ring because this ring is very flat and the perl is just sticking out from the center. If you have big hands, this will be fit very nice... <end>  Beautiful and Quick Delivery  I fell in love with this ring when I saw it on the site! It is exactly as I pictured it. It is not too big or gaudy. I've gotten numerous compliments, and I wear it almost every day. It was delivered earlier than expected. I am very pleased with the service and product from this company!! <end>  gorgeous flower ring  My husband bought this ring for me. We received it a day before expected. The ring is slightly smaller than depicted, which is a good thing for me. The beauty of the ring exceeded my expectations. I love it! Can't stop staring at it. I only have one negative remark. The very day I received it, I hit against the kitchen counter and the flower completely separated from the setting. However, I was able to put it back on. I would still buy it again. It's beautiful! This is the second ring I have purchased from Dahlia, I will definitely buy from them again. <end>  Rose Ring  This Ring is very true to the picture. It is very pretty and not too big on the finger <end>  Stands out and eye catching  This is a nice ring which is sure to stand out and generate comments. Bought it for my partner and she loves the uniqueness, and quirkiness of this ring. Recommended for collection. <end>  Wife Loves It  I purchased this ring because my wife told me to. She loves it.The ring is true to the picture and meets all expectations. She was very pleased with the elaborate packaging.Dahlia (the seller) providing clear communication throughout the process, including a follow-up. <end>  Gorgeous!!!!!  This ring is simply gorgeous!! The picture does not do it justice! I continue to get compliments every time I wear it. If you like jewelry that is unique, well crafted and affordable please consider this ring. <end>  Gorgeous Ring  This is a gorgeous ring with a stunning setting. The quality of the settings are superb and is an eye catcher! <end>  Broke Too Fast  I really like this ring! But it broke so quickly. I kept fixing it and eventually I couldn't fix it anymore. It broke the second time I wore it. I kept the flower part in case I want to do something with it. But it's not worth the money because it will break. <end>  Where is my pearl  The ring is very beautiful, the rose quartz is pale pink and very clear. The ring was nice for about a week, then I noticed a gaping hole where my pearl was suppose to be. I' m not the person who wears jewelry only on special occasions, I buy them to wear them. Pretty ring, but too delicate for everyday wear. <end>
 B000EE7D34  Blue Turquoise Carved Flower Pendant w. Silver Chain Necklace (16") ||	  Beautiful  Very nice necklace but little expensive and delicate! But its is very good condition after nearly 2 years of purchase. <end>  Turquoise Jewelry  I was very pleased with the necklace and matching stud earrings that I ordered.They arrived in a very short period of time and the actual product was even nicer than pictured online.I will definitely be a return customer. <end>
 B000EECCWQ  Zoppini Stainless Steel Heart & Key Pendant w/Lace ||	  Beautifully designed  The detailing on this necklace is very pretty and its a wonderful piece that can match with any outfit! The color shines and it's not too small to be unnoticed by others. I get lots of compliments when I wear it. <end>
 B000EF3J04  Pittsburgh Steelers Super Bowl XL Champions Hook T-Shirt ||	  Very Satisfied  This item arrived on time & was exactly as described. Love to wear this kind of stuff in Augusta, GA just to see how many total strangers comment! <end>
 B000EG6FZE  Sterling Silver Sculpted Oval Pendant, 16" ||	  nice piece of jewelry  i really like this pendant. looks very retro and attractive. i got lot's of compliments wearing it. comes with double silver chain that is really nice also. the only cons is that is shallow at the back. you see only nice round finish at the front, but since the pendant is big there is no chance that will flip over to the back side when worn. <end>  Nice necklace  I bought this as a gift for a friend & liked it so much I ordered another for myself. It is larger than I thought & of a nice quality. Great gift. <end>  Snagged a great deal, 2 for $15  The necklace was on a special promotion so I got two of this particular necklace for $15! In case the close-up image of the clasp doesn't clearly show, the chain portion is doubled up and as far as I can tell, cannot be made into a single length making the true length much shorter than a standard 16". I was actually thrilled to discover that because I prefer a shorter chain.The pendant itself seems to be of not the greatest quality but I honestly bought one as an inexpensive gift to someone and one for myself especially for the chain, not the pendant, so the pendant being very plain doesn't bother me. <end>
 B000EG6FZO  Sterling Silver Eternity Ring Circle Pendant, 18" ||	  Not as I expected  Though the design is cool, the quality of this pendant is poor. They are so light and the color is strikingly white, which makes them appear cheaper. They look like toys! I also bought the earrings set with the same design and I'm so disappointed with both.  -( Only the packaging is of good quality in this product.I suggest that amazon collection makes white gold of a good quality with the similar design. <end>  Picture does not show flaws.  Be very careful when you open this one... and when you try to unknot the chain the first time. The chain this necklace came with was very flimsy, and broke the first time the recipient tried to put it on. It has a standard round clasp, not a lobster claw clasp, and anyone with fingernails will have difficulty putting it on. Also the way the chain wraps around the pendant ( A half hitch around five independent silver rings ) makes knotting even more of a burden.While the gift itself, (paired with the eternity ring earrings) won praise, I was fortunate to have had the foresight to purchase a stronger replacement 20" silver chain that worked better. <end>  She Loves It  Girlfriend loves it. She gets frequent compliments on it. Bought the matching earrings and she loves them, too. <end>  Not crazy about it  This necklace was not a bad purchase. Once I received it, I was not crazy about it. The chain had a large not in it when it arrived (4 weeks after I ordered it). I would not purchase this item again. <end>  Good quality product  I am very pleased with this pendant. The only flaw would be that the individual rings are not attached together. The chain is looped around them all, which I thought was a little odd. But I do like it very much and it is a good value for a great price!! <end>
 B000EGANE8  Sterling Silver Oval Link Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  Oval bracelet review  Pretty bracelet but really small. I didn't realize 7.5" really isn't large enough for an adult. <end>  Silver Oval Link Bracelet  This bracelet was awesome.... better than expected. The recipient loved it. Wish I would've gotten one for myself. I would totally recommend this for anyone & I'm not even a big jewelry person, but loved the simple elegance of this piece. <end>
 B000EGKTH4  Apex "Penicillin Allergy" Necklace ||	  Apex "Penicillin Allergy" Necklace  Edges of this tag are not rounded, therefore they are kind of irritating. The red paint wore off quickly. I have many metal allergies. The Medic-alert symbol is attached to the tag using a rivet which is not hypoallergenic, so it caused my skin to react. I do not recommend this necklace to anyone who has sensitive skin. I had another brand of necklace (I believe it was Emerg), which lasted for years before the links in the chain separated when when it caught on something and broke. <end>  good price  What else can I say. It's hardly a fashion statement. I needed it and it was a good price. <end>  Apex "Penicillin Allergy" Necklace  Medical Emergency Necklace - "Penicillin Allergy" By Apex MedicalThis is a great allergy necklace for the pricing. It is easy to read and see when you need to. This necklace will last for a long time as it is built well. Great deal for the price! <end>  gave as gift  I gave this to my husband because it occurs to me that if medical professional need to know his allergies, he may not always be able to tell them and I may not be there to speak for him <end>  medical alert  chain to too small - doesn't have a clip to open it. Probably work better with a clip to open/close <end>  What you see is what you get....  Ordered this necklace to replace the one I have worn for over 40 years that finally came apart. This one is exactly like the photograph shown with the item, on one side is a medic alert symbol using a raised piece of painted metal that is riveted to the base and on the other side is the stamped lettering for the penicillin allergy. I can't tell you how long it will last since I've only had for a week, but assuming the rivets used to mount the medic alert symbol hold, it should last me the rest of my life  ) <end>  Perfect  I love this necklace. It's subtle, the chain is a nice length, and it looks like a fashion accessory. I would definitely recommend this product. <end>
 B000EGN188  Apex "I Am Diabetic" Necklace ||	  Deal  this is a great necklace. and a life saver. you never no what go happen these days. you will always be prepared. <end>  Increasingly necessary for older type 1 diabetic  Once an athletic youth, non necklace wairing type, had no need for a seemingly useless necklace. Now over 50 type 1 diabetic, hypoglycemic unawareness is increasingly more prevalent. Today, this necklace quality and price is of greater value than ever. I received item as described, good quality for a reasonable price. <end>  Perfect  While many complained about this product not having large enough lettering, I found it to be perfect!.. My teenage son chose this one out of all that were available and is completely satisfied with it. I have the comfort of knowing he is now identified as Diabetic should anything happen to him when he is not with me. <end>  Apex "I AM DIABETIC" Necklace  The quality of the necklace is OK, but the words "I AM DIABETIC" need to be bigger. I am afraid in case of an emergency a First Responder might not see them. <end>  Diabetic Jewelry  It serves the purpose, but it seemed to me that the image was a lot prettier and sparklier than it turned out to be. I wear it UNDER my shirt since it does not compliment anything I wear. <end>
 B000EGN19C  Apex "Anticoagulant" Necklace ||	  Medical alert necklace  It was a pleasure doing business with this company. I received the product in a timely manner. The medical alert necklace cost much less than I could find anywhere else. If I had had to get the alert necklace engraved (which this one already came engraved), it would have cost me at least 3 time more than the cost of a blank necklace. The engraving was clear. Thank you. <end>  Good value, does the job  Good value compared with other medical id's. Only suggestion for improvement would be bolder engraving of text indicating the medical issue. Existing text is readable but could be better at little cost impact. <end>  A neccessity if your health demands it  The chain and medallion are stainless steel, strong and rustproof. You can get one listing whatever your condition is on the back, discretely. The chain is just long enough to fit over your head, removing the need for a lock - always the weak spot of any chain. My only criticism is that the red plastic Cadceus alerting paramedics of your needs fell off soon after I bought it. <end>  one less thing to worry about  This medical alert bracelet gives me the comfort of knowing that if i am unable to speak for myself for any reason, medical personel can know right away important information they might need to help me <end>  Serves its purpose  This is a sturdy necklace that clearly marks "anticoagulant". I wear it when I go to the gym and it holds up well. The chain is decent quality. I reccommend. <end>  Better than expected.....  Better than expected. This Anticoagulation necklace will benefit my husband, and I am most appreciative of the rapid service. Yes.....most appreciative. Thank you!! <end>
 B000EGQRYS  Sterling Silver Saint Christopher Pendant for Hockey , 1 3/8 inch tall ||	  Perfect Gift  I bought this for my son who is a hockey player. He loves it and wears it all the time. It is really well made and has excellent detail. <end>  Perfect pendant  Just disappointed with chain, it had to be replaced for a sturdier one. For a pendant intended to be worn all the time, and by a young man, the chain provided was simply too delicate. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  I purchased this necklace for my son who plays hockey. He loves it and wears it 24/7. The chain is sturdy and the perfect length. <end>
 B000EGQS1K  Sterling Silver Saint Michael Pendant, 3/4 inch ||	  Not bad  Not bad. Item arrived in a timely matter and is of the heigth and weight I expected. Looks very similar to the picture and the price was right for what it is. <end>
 B000EGSD4K  Sterling Silver Seahorse Pendant, 7/8 inch tall ||	  very tiny, not as nice as presented by the photo  The charm is very flat and not as nice as presented in the photo on amazon. <end>
 B000EGWND2  Sterling Silver Saint Florian Pendant, 3/4 inch ||	  Shopping Maven  Looking for a St. Florian pendant for my daughter-in-law, as my son is a firefighter. No problems with shipping or arrival date.Pendant has clear distinct engraving and looks wonderful on my provided chain. <end>  Arrived early, not to expectations  I was surprised when it arrived a few days early, however the ad is deceiving because it is actually very small. disappointing. Probably would not buy from this seller again. <end>
 B000EHI9Y8  Sterling Silver Block Initial Letter K Alphabet Pendant Highly Polished, 1/2 inch tall ||	  cute first jewelry item  this is the perfect piece of jewelry for my goddaughter, who is turning 6 later this month. the package arrived on time and everything was in order. thanks. <end>
 B000EHOKG4  Sterling Silver Block Initial Letter Z Alphabet Pendant Highly Polished, 3/4 inch tall ||	  Z  I absolutely adore this charm! I wear it almost all of the time & get lots of compliments on it. It's very attractive & just big enough to be worn as a pendant OR simply as a charm. <end>
 B000EHXZ60  Sterling Silver Masonry Pendant, 3 1/2 inch (88 mm) tall ||	  Jewelry for a M .M .  This piece of jewelry was not only BETTER then described, but arrived PROMPTLY after being purchased. I was very impressed with the fine detail, especially on the square because it even includes digits on both sides.Just to be sure, it is somewhat of an abnormally large pendant, so if "larger size" is not your thing, it may appear to be a bit ostentatious, but for my own personal taste, it was perfect. I'm considered a "big person" @ 6'5", so personally, though the pendant is rather large, it felt normal on me.But in reality, the size of the pendant may not matter altogether because this piece wouldn't normally be made visible to just anyone.Accuracy of picture and description - 10Delivery Time - 10Overall satisfaction - 10. <end>
 B000EHXZ92  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, 3 3/4 inch (94 mm) tall ||	  big and nice  I bought this same cross about 10 years ago from a mallIts big and nice but its hollow and lightThe back is open so I might have it filled with silver from a broken chain to make it solid and much better5 stars if it was already solid <end>
 B000EHY4ME  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, Made in Italy. 7/8 inch (22 mm) Tall ||	  Not what i expected  I did not expect only a pendant...but a chain as there is one in the picture. Then the pendant has a hole in it and is not lined up well. Actually i should have gone to the local walmart and bought one...would have been cheaper and included a chain... My fault for expecting more than was being offered <end>
 B000EI00CG  Sterling Silver Pacifier Pendant, 3/8 inch (11 mm) Long. ||	  Very Nice Piece - Just like the photo  We ordered this for a Joan Jett 80's look outfit. It is exactly what it seems to be. High quality piece, well represented by the photo. <end>
 B000EI07UG  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, Made in Italy. 1 inch (23 mm) Tall ||	  Beautiful!  I wanted a cross that made a statement of faith rather than a statement of fashion (although I don't object to that on principle). This simple, delicate piece does the job beautifully, and the price was right. The vendor even sent it with a chain. <end>
 B000EI083M  Sterling Silver Puffed Boy's Head Pendant, Made in Italy. 3/4 inch (21 mm) Tall ||	  Sterling Silver Boy Head Charm  We are extremely happy with the outstanding service we received from "Sabrina Silver", as we just received our two charms, packaged beautifully, and in RECORD TIME! Please accept our sincere appreciation, AMAZON AND SABRINA SILVER, for all your EXCELLENT customer service! It shall be our pleasure to do business with you again, at the very next opportunity! Most Sincerely, Dennis & Patricia, Green Valley, AZ  ) <end>
 B000EI1WE6  Sterling Silver Best Friend Pendant, 1 inch (25 mm) Long. ||	  Best Friend Charms  I remember having these charms when I was so young and at first thought it would be a really funny thing to get my best friend. The chain got a little cruddy after a while but I absolutely love the charm. I wear it on a long chain doubled up with a shorter necklace/charm for a trendier look. <end>  Best Friend Pendant  I liked it very much. The only thing is that when you separete both pendant you have like to polish them at the end because it might scratch your skin. <end>  Great Buy!!  I searched the web for the perfect "Sterling Silver Best Friend" pendant to share with my best friend, my boyfriend. I needed one that he would be proud to wear. One that was not overly silly or gawdy looking. I needed a classy one. I found the perfect pendant at [...].We love our shared find, plus I received a very nice chain as well. This was a nice surprise.I totally recommend this item to anyone looking for style, good pricing and fast service. <end>
 B000EI1YEY  Sterling Silver Jesus Face Pendant, 1 1/2 inch (37 mm) tall ||	  Great pendant!  I really enjoy this pendant, it is really good looking and gets people looking at me, not in a wierd way, but in a way that encourages witnessing. When people see this and ask/ know that its Jesus Christ they are prompting the wearer to maybe open up and talk about the person of Jesus Christ and share their faith in Christ.This is a good jewerly peice that encourages conversation and can help one open up with others perhaps a little easier than before. <end>
 B000EI21CI  Sterling Silver Hand Grenade Pendant, 1 1/2 inch (39 mm) tall ||	  The very best sterling silver hand grenade pendant available on amazon  Okay, I worried a but before I posted this review. I thought about whether or not I had considered all the possible angles for this review. There's quality, cultural values, size and weight, style of the grenade, and shininess to consider. And the audience to consider as well. Is this a hip hop item? Grenades aren't especially big in the hip hop community though. A jihadist piece of jewelry? Seems a little flashy for that crowd. A statement of having completed the US Army basic training? Nope, that's usually just wearing the dog tags.Instead, I'm going to suggest some additional jewelry designs (that I didn't have the heart to check on if they already were being offered).1. The RPG-7. It's iconic from the streets of Mogidishu to the fields of Tora Bora to the Vietnamese highlands.2. OZM-4 bouncing mine. Enough said.3. British Brown Bess musket. It's seriously Old Skool. <end>
 B000EI2J34  Sterling Silver Masonry Pendant, 2 3/4 inch (70 mm) tall ||	  very very very poor  and cheaply made the quality is so poor and it looks like you bought it from a grocery store bubble gum machine its bad it was $18.00 when i bought it... <end>
 B000EI7IXK  1/20 ct. Diamond Heart Pendant in 10K White Gold ||	  Pretty but chain doesnt last  my son bought this for his girlfriend for Christmas. It's very pretty but the chain is very frail and didnt last. Ended up having to buy a new chain. <end>
 B000EIEIZG  Sterling Silver Owl Pendant, 7/8 inch ||	  Adorable owl!  Adorable owl pendant! Very good quality, better than expected! Substantial piece, chain is nice also, especially for the reasonable price! Pendant is the perfect size, not too big, not too small. Packaged well, super fast delivery! Cute little owl~~ I love wearing him!! <end>
 B000EIEJ0A  Sterling Silver Flamingo Pendant, 3/4 inch Tall ||	  lil flamingo  i ordered the sterling silver Flamingo, and its really cute and very detailed. the only thing i thought it was going to be bigger. its less than 1/2 &#34; but still cute. <end>
 B000EIG2TG  Sterling Silver Crystal Earrings Bracelet with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  not white  Picture shows product as pure white, but there are yellow beads mixed in there. Still pretty, but I had to return it since yellow beads don't typically go with white wedding gowns. <end>
 B000EIGIMC  Sterling Silver Oval Bear Claw Pendant 1 1/8 inch tall ||	  Silver Oval Bear Claw Pendant  This is a very nice piece. It's a bit thicker than I thought it would be, but I am very pleased with it. <end>
 B000EIGIN6  Sterling Silver Large Rectangular Engravable Disc Slide / Pendant 13/16 inch tall ||	  love it  a good piece ,heavy and larger than I thought, works well with my 36 inch chain.Diana Green <end>
 B000EIGJ30  Sterling Silver Mariner's Cross Pendant, 1 1/4 inch ||	  LOVE!!!!!!  I bought this cros originally for my boyfriend but when i recieved it, it looked a little small and semi-femine. I kept it for myself and i love it and wear it almost everyday. My fiance is in the Navy and i wear this all the time in support of him and always get many compliments and questions where i got it from. I always tell them Amazon, and a few friends have actually gotten on here and bought one too. It's very pretty and it's my fav necklace that i own. <end>
 B000EIICG2  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 7/8 inch ||	  Better than I expected!  I was so pleased with the silver Menorah I bought from Sabrina Silver a year or so ago I thought I would check out their Star of David. It was even better than I anticipated. The picture doesn't do it justice. The cut of the silver really makes it shine. Just the right size and a great price! I will likely buy more for gifts. <end>  pretty yet not distracting  This star of david is perfect. The cuts make it pretty, yet it is not so fancy that it is distracting. The chain is a good length. I have had this for a little over a year. I frequently receive compliments on it and I wore it when I went to the Kotel in Jerusalem this summer (my first trip to Israel/Kotel). <end>  Love IT!  I bought this for a gift. I was a bit worried it wasnt going to look like the picture. It was really beautiful and not bad for the price. <end>  Star of David pendant.  My father actually bought this item. He has worn it nearly everyday,over 2 years now. It still looks new and he gets compliments on it all the time. He loves this pendant.......Rosco <end>  Exactly what I ordered  This Star of David Pendant replaces one I had but sadly lost. It is ideally sized and is exactly what I was looking for.It was shipped and delivered on time and I am happy to recommend this supplier. Thanks - Shalom! <end>
 B000EIICGM  Sterling Silver Scroll Pendant, 5/8 inch ||	  Nice, clean, simple  I like the idea and design of the pendant. The chain is nice, but the boxes are so small that they are easily twisted and stay bent. The pendant is also rather small, if you can find it larger, go for it instead. However, this pendant is worth the money. <end>
 B000EIICH6  Sterling Silver Small Chai Pendant, 3/8 inch ||	  Smaller than I expected  Gorgeous silver, but smaller than I expected. Grab a ruler and measure 3/8", it's smaller than you'd think based on the picture! <end>
 B000EIICOY  Sterling Silver Rose Pendant, 5/8 inch Tall ||	  Very small and uninteresting  This pendant is very small and not very exciting. Not really big enough to be a pendant I think. <end>
 B000EIICP8  Sterling Silver Rose Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  JUST BEAUTIFUL!  BEAUTIFUL AND LOVED IT. GOOD SIZED AND AS DESCRIBED. WOULD HAVE LOVED A MATCHING BRACELET. <end>
 B000EJCXDO  Sterling Silver Double Penguin Pendant, 3/4 inch Tall ||	  penquin necklace  totally disappointed cheaply made and even though the price was low it didn't even meet any quality level at all. <end>
 B000EJCXPW  Sterling Silver Continent of Africa Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Liked it a lot  I bought this pendant for a friend and she loved it!!! It's a great buy; I highly recommend it for anyone out there who likes Africa. <end>  Easily Breakable  Love this necklace SO much!Just wish it wasn't made with cheap product! It broke within a few week and I can't fix it because the round part where it hooks to the chain is the part that broke. <end>  Silver Africa Continent Necklace  I get compliments on this necklace every day. I love it and it is a reminder to me of my recent trip to South Africa, which is why I purchased it. The seller shipped it quite promptly and it was just as advertised. An excellent purchase. Thank you Seller!!! <end>  Africa Pendant Review  Ordered the Africa Pendant as a surprise gift for my wife when she saw something similar on TV. She just loved it. It was exactly what she was looking for. <end>
 B000EJCXS4  Sterling Silver 5-Point Star Pendant, 3/4 inch Tall ||	  Pentagram  This is a lovely necklace. The chain is somewhat thin, but seems to be sturdy. I have only felt brave enough to wear this pentagram in public once, but it is less noticed and associated with the Craft (I'm sure) than a pentacle. Certainly worth the money even if you just enjoy star symbolism. <end>
 B000EJCXU2  Sterling Silver Arrowhead Pendant, 1 1/4 inch Tall ||	  silver arrowhead necklace  i'm not wearin' it right now because i don't like the chain that came with it. i got to get a bigger chain for it. the chain that came with it is too short and too small. other than that i like it. <end>  jewelry  love this didn't fit on the necklace I originally purchased it for but it is beautiful <end>
 B000EJCZ4G  Sterling Silver Saxophone Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  Very Nice Saxophone  I bought this saxophone pendant for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it. The chain that comes with it is very nice too. <end>  Beautiful!  Beautiful detail and workmanship. Such a great deal for the price! Was purchased for my nephew that plays Sax and he loved it!! <end>  Very Nice  This was a good deal for the money. Much better than I had expected for the price! <end>
 B000EJEKRQ  Sterling Silver Giraffe Pendant, 1 inch Tall ||	  An unusual and cute bday gift  My gf really liked this as a birthday gift. I call her &#34;giraffe&#34; because she's all legs and neck 8^) and has a lovely daughter. <end>  Perfect gift  I ordered this piece as a mother's day present for my mom, for she loves giraffes. It arrived quickly and accurately described. I am very pleased and hope my mother is too! <end>  great Product  The customer service was great for this idem. I didn't put in the right address and they where still able to get the idem to me. They where first class <end>
 B000EJEL3E  Sterling Silver Tiny Lesbian Symbol Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  OMG How sweet!!  This is a beautiful necklace!! I absolutely love it!!To be honest, I thought it would be much bigger, and got a little sad, but now, some days after I got it, I'm very glad it's so small (the symbols are equal to my thumb-nail in size). It's very cool and different, and the chain are thin and looks expensive. It came with a nice silvery box. The necklace are great for lesbians who don't wanna brag about being a lesbian, with HUUUGE women symbols.... this one is tiny and still shows its meaning. <end>  I LOVE IT!  This pendent is small and comes with a lovely chain. I love the smallness and how shiny it is. It goes with every outfit and I can wear it everyday without taking it off. It is simple enough that I can make my own statement without feeling like I am shouting from the rooftops. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a simple necklace that can be worn with anything. <end>  Great Necklace  First of all, I received this item super fast. Didn't know what to expect, but had read a previous review describing the size (thank you for providing us with your description). It is small, but still noticeable. If you're into more subtle jewelry, this necklace is for you. I absolutely love it! The chain is actually pretty, as well, which was a bit surprising considering what was charged. I've included a photo of it on along with a quarter next to it (yes, I stuck it against my skin, lol) so that you may get a better idea of its size. <end>
 B000EJELDE  Sterling Silver Drama Mask Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Very Pretty and Shiny  I purchased this item as a gift for my wedding party and am very pleased with how it looks. The pendant itself is rather small but the shiny surface makes up for it making the pendant attractive. The faces have good detail and are readily recognizable. Comes with a box sterling silver chain that does the pendant justice. I can't wait to present it! Overall this is a very nice value. <end>  Very nice  I ordered this as a Christmas gift. I arrived very quickly and in excellent condition. <end>  Nice item!  Shipped and arrived fast. The pendant is a nice weight and looks very nice and shiny. It did come with a tiny indention in the pendant loop, but hardly noticable, not enough to send it back. Also, it does not have the 925 silver stamp anywhere on it - if it matters to you. The chain is very nice. Overall, it's a nice piece. <end>  great charming pendant!  This was a great product that was shipped very quickly and arrived in great shape. Love the details and appearance. Thanks so much. We know several others we have told about your store and where to get this pendant! <end>
 B000EJGEGQ  Sterling Silver Slot Machine Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Slot machine pendant  This item is beautiful. I gave it as a gift but I am going to buy one for myself. <end>
 B000EJI5YU  Sterling Silver Cat w/ Ball of Yarn Pendant, 1/2 inch Tall ||	  Cat w/Yarn necklace  It shipped perfectly, was in time for the holidays. Was just like photo. The chain could have been just a tad bit longer. <end>  sterling silver cat pendant  This is one of the most beautiful pieces of cat jewelry I have ever seen. Recommend for anyone who loves cats. Price is great also! Great value! <end>
 B000EJI6OE  Sterling Silver Weightlifter Pendant, 1 1/8 inch Tall. ||	  DISAPPOINTED  I was very disappointed in the quality of this charm. It looks like it came in a bubble gum machine! <end>
 B000EJPP0W  Sterling Silver Sister, Mother, Friend Necklace ||	  Great for Mom!  I got this necklace for my mom for Christmas, and she absolutely loves it. She wore it her first day back to the office after the holidays and said that all her co-workers stopped to admire it. She said everyone comments on it's unusual nature. She's given it rave reviews. Though I gave it as a Christmas present, it would make a perfect Mother's Day gift. <end>
 B000EK2L6C  New .925 Sterling Silver Toering Double Swirl Toe Ring ||	  Simple, comfortable, long lasting.  I just took these off when the water retention from being pregnant made them uncomfortable. I wore them for 5+ years without removal. I could wear them with any shoes without problem. The only issues I found was when removing socks, if there were any loose string inside the toe, the loop bahaved like a hook and got caught. I was more careful after it happened a couple of times. The jewlery was easily reshaped without damage to the ring. <end>
 B000EKDHRO  Pink Flexi Whistle Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  breaks easily  whistle broke off on first day so now we need to somehow glue it back on to the bar. it did however actually whistle, which was pretty cool. <end>  Its ok I guess.....  Well a coworker told me about this and I found it so I ordered it. The whole thing is super tiny but you can't talk with this in. The whistle is kinda hard to blow but you get the hang of it. The whistle broke off very quickly. It'd be nice if it screwed on but its just glued on. Its only $2 so I'm not gonna complain too much <end>  cute but kind of cheap  i love it but the whistle came off as soon as i put it on. i think with a little bit of crazy glue the problem will be fixed. <end>  Cheaply Made  I have bought quite a few tongue rings from BodyCandy and they've all been great UNTIL I purchased this "pink flexi whistle". Horrible! The barbell had little to no flex and broke the day I received it. Save yourself the money and skip this one and buy a real Bioplast barbell offered by BodyCandy. <end>
 B000ELAP5U  Charm - 14kt Solid Yellow Gold Saint Michael Pendant ||	  Not what it was stated as.  The pendant was not solid and had a hollow sound to it when you tap it on your teeth it sounds like tin. In the picture shows that the pendant is two-sided but when we got it only one side has a St. Michael's on. I don't mind that but only rattles sounds tinny on my gold chain. <end>
 B000ELQHAM  Sterling Silver Black Leather 18" Cord Chain Necklace ||	  Terrible Quality  After about 3 weeks of wearing the necklace, the cord came loose from the metal fasteners. The glue used to keep the cord from unraveling was comepletely useless and the cord became unwound. The cord looks very nice, but the quality is terrible. <end>  Great for everyday use  I bought this cord to switch with one that came with a pendant I love and use it almost every day. It's been 8 months now and it's holding up great. I was esp. pleased with the length of the cord... the pendant hangs perfectly and is not too close to my neck. Excellent buy. <end>  Cheap Don't buy it!  This item broke in 2 place in my hands as soon as I touched it. Do not waste your money on this junk. No even worth returning as shipping would be more expensive than this junk! <end>  Cord Chain  I love my cord chains. Wear them with any type outfit. Looks good! <end>  Not like the picture.  I was pretty disappointed when I saw the product I received. The silver ends on the cord appear very cheaply made and do not look the same as in the picture provided. They are much shorter than what is shown and the piece that fits into the clasp is thicker, making it more awkward to put on and take off. I would not recommend purchasing this, and I'm currently looking into getting another cord to replace this one. <end>  It not worth it!  Broke right away... ???? Please don't buy this I did twice same junk and mailing is out of sight. It should be by weight no item?????????? The are light and cheap... <end>  Good quality  I slept with this chain necklace still on, and it has yet to break on me. The chain does, however, look different than the one shown in the picture but so far no problems, and I even added a pendant to the chain. <end>  If you can't get your pendents on it, how good can it be  I own over 100 pendents. Of them, I found only about 8% had holes large enough to thread this through them. More thought should have been given to practical aspects of this cord. <end>
 B000ELX0UC  Sterling Silver Cube Multifaceted Clear AB Crystal with 12mm x 16mm Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful crystal, picture does not catch the sparkle you see in person.  This pendant looks so clear and sparkly. I'm not convinced that it is genuine swarovski crystals because one side of the crystel does have a very faint coat of gold paint (you have to look very hard to see this), however I also saw that on some of the jewelry at the actual swarovski store, so that may be how they should be in order to make them sparkle as beautifully as they do. I gave these away as a gift and all the recipients were very happy. For the price this is definitely an item worth getting. <end>  A very bad experience  I received the item, it's coated to get the spectrum effect but I was looking for a CLEAR crystal (fooled by the description), even more so, the item had a chip on one edge, I contacted Gem Avenue, they told me to return it but did not cover the cost of shipping it back. I am furious that they ship defected items and are not responsible, very BAD practice, be very aware, you are on your on risk. <end>  Lost Already  The ring that held it to the bracelet apparently came apart and I have lost it already. Thank goodness I did not spend much. <end>  Absolutely Stunning  I purchased two of these pendants for Christmas presents for the girls in the family and one for myself. All i can say is this is not only a beautiful pendant but also a very durable one. The top and bottom pieces of the pendant rotate and at first i was scared it would break easily...NOT SO! I'm still wearing it and i never have taken it off except a few times to clean it. I get so many compliments on it, and in the sun it casts rainbows everywhere  ) Shipping was speedy and the product was great! <end>  Beautiful and Sparkly  Bought this for my 20 year old daughter who loved it. It is a nice sized piece, and it sparkles beautifully. <end>
 B000EMJA28  Mud Pie Baby Mom 2 Be Charm Bracelet ||	  Cute but more of a keep sake than anything.  I brought this bracelet as a gift for my pregnant cousin, for mother's day. I thought it was a really cute idea since, the baby hasn't been born yet. When I finally received it, it was really cute but, it's so big that I'm not sure anyone would actually wear it. It seems to be more of a keepsake then a real piece of jewelry. It's a really cute idea and but I wouldn't recommend it if you want someone to actually wear it. Might be a cute gift for a baby shower also. <end>  A Good Gift  This is a cute keepsake item for 1st time mom. A little heavy. But, it was cute and easy to put on. <end>  Received it as a gift and I LOVE it!!!  My mother purchased this for me while in my 2nd month. I loved the idea and couldn't wait to put on the new charm each month! The ONLY negative is that it is made of pewter and does begin to tarnish a bit as I wore it EVERYDAY!What I did to correct that was order a sterling silver charm bracelet and add the charms to that; it has worked well! <end>
 B000EMW9T4  FLAMING SKULL Steel LOGO Belly Button Ring ||	  RAD RAD RAD  Great belly ring at a great price! Stays together well, and is a quality item. <end>
 B000EN0GSO  Red Flame Logo Steel Belly Button Ring ||	  Red Flame Belly ring  These rings are an excellent price, while I think the flame belly ring was cuter in the picture than in real life it's still alright. The size did not surprise me, I was worried it was going to be tiny. It seems well made, the only complaint I've had so far was the top ball was a little hard to unscrew the first time. However, after I used a little muscle it worked and haven't had problems since. The shipping was very quick. <end>
 B000EO97NS  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 2.3mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  16" Sterling Silver Rolo Chain, 1/8" Thin  This is a great chain! Great look. Nicely made. Excellent service. <end>  Rolo Chain  The chain is exactly as stated in description. It is sturdy and looks very nice. There was some confusion about the shipping service due to a miscommunication from the seller, but this did not affect the time in which we received the chain. We still received it very quickly. Thanks! <end>  16 inch silver rolo chain  Received the chain in about a week. Very nicely packaged to prevent damage. The chain was exactly what I was looking for. <end>  WOW!  The picture did not do this necklace justice! I bought one for me and one for my son to give his girl-friend. He also bought her a charm (Dale Ernhart's no. in a heart) and we wanted something that would not break easily. This necklace is perfect. <end>  Rolo bracelet.  I love this bracelet. Very nicely made. Perfect size! I use it to hold my 15 year gold service award pendant from my job. <end>  Nice Silver Chain  Lovely chain and great price. I am fond of Silver jewelry because of the shine and the low price compared to the price of gold these days. I prefer yellow gold and always will, but I have been priced out of my hearts desire. LOL&lt;heavy sigh> But, be that as it may this is a great chain at a great price. It was delivered promptly and so I was pleased. <end>  rolo chain  The chain looks like it had been mended (badly) so I just tossed it out. <end>
 B000EO97Q0  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 4mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  16" Sterling Silver Rolo Chain, 3/16" Thick  This is a great chain! Great look. Well made. Excellent service. <end>  Silver Rolo Chain  Great quality!! Fast service. Needed to make exchanged...handled extremely professionally and quickly. Thank you!! A+ <end>
 B000EOBBFU  Sterling Silver Italian Rolo Chain 6mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Good chain  Chain looks very good. But it looks like silver balls from far. Would not reccomend for a man. <end>  VERY CUTE AD IT SILVERC  CUTE PLUS IT NEVER TURN BLACK AN IT REAL SILVER FOR THE PRICE YES THIS A A GOOD DEAL <end>
 B000EOBNBM  Sterling Silver 7" 7.5" 8" 8.5" Length Adjustable Charm Bracelet Made with Swarovski Elements Cultured Freshwater Pearl and Clear Crystal ||	  Beautiful bracelet  I bought this to wear on my wedding day two years ago... It is very pretty and complimented my gown very nicely. <end>  lovely  For the price, this bracelet is very sweet and suitable for a intermediate school girl up to a college age young woman. Great gift! <end>  A perfect gift for a young lady!  I purchased this lovely bracelet as a Holy Communion gift for my neighbor's daughter. She loved it! I was debating about getting earrings to match because I didn't know if she had pierced ears. I wish this bracelet came with matching earrings,but that's okay. Very nice! <end>
 B000EOFENA  Nigeria - Friendship Pin ||	  Perfect Flag!!!!  The product was perfect and exactly what i was looking for!!!!! Look forward to purchasing more products such as this one. Super fast shipping also <end>  Good quality, great value  I was concerned about the quality of these pins, since they are less than half the price charged by Alamo Flag and other similar flag pin companies. Nevertheless, they turned out to be high quality and good looking. <end>
 B000EOHEL0  Haiti - Friendship Pin ||	  Amour Hatiano-Am&eacute;ricain  Pour montrer les relations serres des deux pays qui me sont tr&egrave;s chers. Pour des &eacute;v&eacute;nements officiels avec du style. Bon produit et vaut le prix. <end>
 B000EOHEUQ  Red awareness Ribbon - Other Lapel Pins ||	  Love wearing my pin  This pin is so well made and was cheap to buy. I was surprised. This will hold up for a long time. I am ordering a few more to get our word out! we want a cure, like now! <end>
 B000EOHHNA  Switzerland - National Lapel Pin ||	  Adorable  My sister's and I work at a place that has a lot of drama and fighting and we joked about how we were Switzerland and we would not get into any of the drama... Then I found these pins! They were tiny enough to fit on our hats but big enough to be seen and get out point across... Awesome! <end>
 B000EOL1XM  Republicans - Lapel Pin ||	  A great pin  Used this when I interned in the Congress, and everyone (including my congressman) loved it ) It's good quality and looks good (better than on the picture). <end>  Love it!  This item arrived in a timely manner and in good condition. I wore it when I went to vote for the very first time in my life in the 2012 election. I am only 19, but I know I will continue to wear this pin with pride over the years. I suggest it to everyone. <end>  Great Gift For A True Republican  A true Republican will always want to show their support, with one of these lapel pins. Colorful and made of hard-cast metal. <end>  Republicans Lapel Pin  This Republican lapel pin is as cute as it can be. It large enough to be identifiable but not overwhelming. <end>  great pin  This little pin got alot of attention at work and out and about in town. It was a topic of many conversation starters around election season. Well made, looks nice. <end>  Good quality pin  I like this pin. It's pretty good quality; however the elephant is a little bit curvy. Other than that I like it alot. <end>
 B000EOL23G  Rainbow - Lapel Pins ||	  just what I needed  Simple and easy to see--I meet new people and need to promote trust quickly, and this reassures a significant part of my practice. <end>
 B000EOL9D4  South Korea - Friendship Pin ||	  A Well Made Lapel Pin - Makes a Statement and Encourages Discussion  I purchased this pin and wore it to several events where discussions would occur on Korean issues. The pin is a standard enamel-fronted and metal-backed type with a straight rear pin and "pip" double-winged backing. The quality is good and the pin makes a statement and brings out discussions. I would buy from this company again. <end>
 B000EOLDH6  Confederate - Lapel Pin ||	  Confederate Pin  Nice pin, a little larger than expected which is ok. Colors are nice, very clean and crisp. Good construction, feels durable. <end>  Confederate-Lapel Pins  It is a good lapel pin. What can I say? My wife is Jewish and I have it sitting next to a Greek flag pin and a nature conservancy pin. I know it's a controversial pin but it is a part of American history and to me it represents a political philosophy, confederacy versus federalism. I am a fan of state's rights and I am a fan of a federal government. Both are good to me. I'm not racist and I have this pin! <end>
 B000EOLXVW  Sterling Silver 1.5 Carat Size Emerald Cut Cubic Zirconia Men's Solitaire Ring (Available in Sizes 8 to 13) ||	  More Bling for your buck!  The pictures just don't show the tremendous sparkle and the clean elegance of this ring! The setting perfectly compliments the beautiful emerald cut stone. This dazzling ring will bring just the right amount bling to your hand. As an added bonus, the people at Sabrina Silver are a delight to shop with, providing fast and courteous service. I'll certainly be a repeat customer!THANK YOU! <end>  Cheap piece of crap  I didn't expect much for 48 dollars, but what I received was a joke! The stone actually rattles in the ring! <end>  well?  I was very excited for this to come in the mail, and then it did ,and I opened up a big bag of let down "sorry to the makers".it just looked very cheap (understanding the price) i get it, however, the boast from the makers and buyers isn't entirely true ..This looks as something my grandma Thelma might wear "respectfully" love you grandma. <end>  Perfection!  This ring is absolutely beautiful. I bought two--one for myself and one for my partner. People always admire it and ask how much a 1.5 carat "diamond" set me back!Buy it-- you'll LOVE it! <end>  cz  I think the customer service was top class. The ring was very nice for the price paid. I am very happy with the whole thing. <end>  Wow what a good buy  This ring is prue elegance, it is clean and dazzling. And Sabrina Silver send it in no time at all. I am so Happy with it. Thanks Amazon <end>  Surprisingly high quality.  Wow! The ring is much larger and heavier than I expected, and the "diamond" looks as real the genuine diamonds I own. The ad photo doesn't do it justice. I was very surprised at the quality of this item for the price I paid. It looks good without being too gaudy or fake looking. In my experience with it so far, everyone assumes it is real. As an added bonus, the seller was great to work with and gave first class service in every way. <end>  A good buy  This ring is very well designed , not too gaudy or too plain. The stone sparkles like a real diamond. The sterling silver can scratch pretty easily as with all sterling silver but can be buffed out easily. Too bad the ring doesnt come in half sizes. All in all the ring is very nice and a good buy at this price. <end>  Out of Stock!  This looks like it would be a very nice ring, at least that's what other customers say about it, but I wouldn't know personally because I placed my order and received an email the next day saying the item was out of stock, even though Amazon's website says the item is in stock (and still says it's in stock today). I emailed the supplier and asked how long it would be before it was in stock again and they replied it would take 45 days (from Feb 20). But amazon still says it's in stock. Place your order if you want but the size 10 I ordered won't be available until sometime around the end of March or beginning of April. <end>
 B000EOLYB6  Sterling Silver .47 Carat Size Brilliant Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Beautiful  I absolutely love this ring! I got this as my engagement ring Feb 09 This ring is beautiful and durable. <end>  Too Small  The ring itself is attractive and looks to be well made, but it is very small - much smaller than the picture makes it look. It looks like it is for a child. I have returned it. <end>  Great Fake!  This is a great 'fake'... I bought it to replace my engagement ring which I now only wear on special occasions. Looks super! <end>
 B000EOOIIW  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Colored Cubic Zirconia Men's Solitaire Ring (Available in Sizes 8 to 13) ||	  Slightly less than lustrous  My stone was, true to tell, quite a bit duller than pictured. In all, however, a very good value. <end>  nice  The color appears is darker than real. the edges of the ring may caught with cloths ,especially when putting hand in pocket. <end>  custom tax  The ring was of excellent quality and prefect fit.I had to pay custom tax which I was not aware of.The custom tax was a let down. <end>  Flawless  Flawless sim. Flawless silver. Flawless service. Flawless price. The sim stone is quite a bit more pale than on my screen, but lovely still. <end>
 B000EOOJ2M  Sterling Silver .85 Carat size Marquise Cut Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Beautiful quality for the price  Sterling Silver .85 Carat size Marquise Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal RingI purchased this ring just to wear occasionally for fun, on receiving the ring I was amazed at how real it looked. Everyone wanted to know where I got my "Diamond" it looks so real and everyone is in awe! <end>  Nice Surprise!  I ordered this ring and was so amazed at how beautiful it was. I figured that for the price it would be pretty, but not to expect much. Well, was I surprised at how beautiful my ring is. I would recommend this ring to anyone. <end>  Amazing  I read the reviews for this ring and that's what made me decide to finally buy it. I'm so glad I did. I have a gold ring diamond (real) this size and my new ring looks just like my real one. It's just beautiful, you will love it!! <end>  Huge waste of money  This ring looks beautiful in the picture but when you see it in reality, the cubic zirconia so small and the ring looks so tiny. Also, the cubic zirconia is dull. The ring I received looks like it was worn. Very disgusted with my purchase. Won't buy from this seller again. I do not like false imaging. The ring looks cheap and should be sold for much less. A real rip-off! <end>  Good value for $  Why people spend tens of thousands of dollars on the real thing is beyond me. Save your money and buy one of these and spend your money on downpayment for house or furniture instead. You'll still impress your friends who will gawk over your lovely "diamond" <end>
 B000EOQN4O  Sterling Silver 1 Carat Size Emerald Cut Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring (Available in Sizes 6 to 10) ||	  Looks like a Cracker Jack ring  This ring only works if you want a cheap looking piece. The silver is high enough quality that it didn't turn my finger green but the stones are visibly fake. The baguettes are especially horrid and the *emerald* cut is really a radiant cut. The only good thing is the company's fast shipping. It actually got here 2 days after I ordered it. *You get what you pay for* definitely applies here. <end>  Five star company.  I gave this product four stars because the company is great. They sent out the product in such a timely way that I received it before I expected. The ring was very pretty and well-made and is certaily a good deal for the price. It was comfortable and fit very well. However, I did end up returning the ring. I wanted a real emerald-cut--a step-cut. The CZ in this ring wasn't cut like that. It also wasn't really a radiant. Even though it sparkled and looked nice, it wasn't what I wanted, so I sent it back.If you're not as picky as I am, though, you will like this ring.I have to add, the return with Sabrina Silver went smoothly and was great.I would certainly order with them another time. <end>  its nice  This ring makes me want to have the diamond and white gold version. This will do in the mean time though  ) <end>  lousy  I ordered this ring when my real engagement ring was being sized so I wouldn't have to deal with questions from nosy coworkers. As another reviewer pointed out, the stone is not emerald cut ... which didn't really matter because it fell out of the setting about 3 days after I got it. <end>
 B000EOX1YY  Platinum, Princess-Cut, Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/4 cttw, G-H Color, VS2 Clarity) ||	  Dazzling Gems For the Diva In You!  These are beyond gorgeous . . . I bought them for several reasons  I wanted a pair of diamond earrings with exceptional color and clarity, in a princess cut--set only in platinum, and 1/4 ctw is ideal, because the one carats I have are set in screw-backs, and though I wear them for work or going out, they are laborious and time-consuming to put in and out. These are simple push-backs, but fear not  they are not flimsy or light. The platinum is solid and has good heft to it, such that they feel secure. They're a breeze to get in and out and I wear them almost daily with everything. The stones are clean, bright, and scintillating, especially in light. The quality is unmistakable and far superior than larger stones with lesser color. I'm ridiculously happy with these, and though you can buy 1/4 ctw diamond studs for a fraction of the price here, the quality is so bad, it's not worth it. The point of a diamond is to sparkle . . . these fit the bill perfectly--they're tiny little dots on the ear lobe, sparkling and scintillating like nobody's business  -)I'm rarely motivated to write a review, but these earrings warrant gushing and then some. If you're on the fence and dithering about whether or not to buy these, get off the fence already, quit your dithering, and put them in your cart--you will not regret the purchase  -)Before you buy them, be clear about the obvious  the 1/4 ctw is exactly as the term states  TOTAL carat weight, e.g. each earring is 1/8 carat, so expect them to be tiny, perhaps suitable for a child or teenager. I love them because I'm petite, and already have a pair of 1/2 ctw and 1 ctw studs . . . so these round out my diamond collection nicely  -) As long as you expect small earrings, you'll be blown away by the stunning quality and dazzle of these, and you'll wear them to death--that's a guarantee! <end>  made mom cry  i bought these earrings for my mom for christmas.when she opened them she cried, i knew i had done well at this point.they are a bit smaller than i had thought they would be. i had never bought any kind of diamond before. so i don't actually know the size of a 1/4 cttw. to me it's about 1/8th of an inch.these are nice, attractive, beautiful earrings. <end>  Excellent value  These are small, suitable for everyday office wear.I compared the weight, clarity, color, and setting with a major jeweler and these were the best buy. For the clarity and color, the price was very good.They arrived quickly and they look amazing. I love these earrings and wear them all them time, to a great many compliments.TY, Amazon.com <end>  Priceless.  I bought these earrings for my wife's birthday. The tears in her face indicated the success of my gift.These are small earrings appropriated to be used everyday. It's a high quality stone in a well constructed earring. For those looking something extremely shine to be used in parties, I'd recommend a bigger stone. But, as I said, for those looking for an everyday earring, these are a perfect choice. <end>
 B000EPKVG4  14k Yellow Gold Small (S) Size Perfect Fit Baby/Men/Children 3mm Ball Stud Earrings, Hypoallergenic ||	  Earrings  I had purchased similar earrings elsewhere, but had a problem because they weren't hypoallergenic. When I saw these, I got them immediately. Have had no problems since. <end>
 B000ER3ZUG  Pugster Triangle White April Birthstone Clear Swarovski Crystal Oval Stud Dangle Earrings ||	  review  Very pretty and classy Love them. Merchant give good service and reasonable cost. <end>
 B000ER8CBS  Pugster Birthday Cat Animal Photo Italian Charms Bracelet Link ||	  Birthday cat  Love this Birthday cat my son had one that looked just like him, so I just had to get him. he looks as if he is having a great Happy Birthday. <end>
 B000ES00M6  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Hoop Earrings, 1" Diameter ||	  fast shipping great product  Love the earrings even though they are a little thin. Product was shipped very quickly and the price was great. Sadly my bracelet that I ordered broke after a few days but was an easy fix. Will buy from this merchant again. <end>  Good Enough  I thought these earrings would be bigger, but they are pretty tiny in diameter. They don't shine as much as I thought they would either. Also, they say these are sterling silver, but my ears still get infected if I wear them too many days in a row. The good thing is they are easy to get in and out for every day wear. <end>
 B000ES321W  Sterling Silver Bali Hoop Earrings, 5/8" Diameter ||	  not what I hoped for  the earrings was going to be a gift,but it was almost impossible to get just the tag off the earrings w/o bending them-I decided NOT to give them-they broke! <end>
 B000ES324O  Sterling Silver High Polished Movable Dinosaur Egg Pendant ||	  Dinosaur Awesomeness  If your girlfriend is into dinos, then this is the perfect gift for her. Mine loves it. Had it almost a couple years now and still looks and works great! It's a little hard to open, but it's so tiny that's to be expected. <end>  kinda bummed out  the piece is great, and i've never had any problems with any of my Sabrina silver orders, but the dino in the picture is Gold, and the dino i recieved is silver like the egg... i was expecting the gold so i was kinda bummed out, but my best friend flipped out when she saw it and she absolutely loves it... i dont think she's taken it off yet lol <end>  Great Buy, Awesome Especially For Dino Lovers!  This is a great buy. The egg is the perfect size, it has a beautiful silve shine, and the dino inside is sooo cute. My friend loves it. Any dinosaur lover should buy this product, the chain is thin, but it is strong, the perfect gift idea. <end>
 B000ES4WUW  Sterling Silver Italian 3mm Tube Long Oval Italian Hoop Earrings ||	  Very Nice Silver Hoops!  These silver hoops are great! I love them and receive a lot of compliments when I wear them. <end>
 B000ES4WV6  Sterling Silver Italian 3mm Tube U-shaped Italian Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  expect compliments  i am always complimented when wearing these earrings for their subtly unique shape. they are of excellent quality, as i have been wearing them for almost 4 years now on a semi-daily basis without any trouble.they look great with the most casual to the most dressy of outfits. i highly recommend them. <end>
 B000ES6Z98  14k Yellow Gold Cross Pendant, 18" ||	  Funny  The person right before me had the same problem as I did. He ordered a cross and received the ankh..I ordered the ankh and receieved the cross. I can't say how the ankh looks because i never received it...but as far as the cross it was horrible. It was small and easily bendable. i know it was only fifty dollars but surely you will expect better. I certainly did. <end>  very small  The cross is very small, and is not as pretty and detailed as it appears in the photo. With this said, after seeing the cross I decided it would be better suited for a younger person and decided to give it to my 15 year old niece and she really seemed to like it. Overall, for the price, I am not too disappointed. <end>  Wrong religious icon?  I purchased this as a gift for my wife, and like a knucklehead I just wrapped the box without actually looking at the item. I wish I had filmed her opening it at Christmas though, to capture her expression when she opened a necklace with an ankh pendant instead of a cross! I, ehm, told my wife I was trying to convert her from Christianity to the ancient Egyptian mythos and get her to start worshipping the sun, and that went over like a ton of bricks as well. I'm communicating with Amazon's awesome customer service and hopefully we'll get this all worked out so I can stop sleeping on the couch. <end>
 B000ESNCEE  Sterling Silver and Amethyst Vintage Style Earrings (Post) ||	  unique and beautiful  I always get complements when I wear these earrings, and the style is something you don't see. They are just the right length and weight, in fact you forget that you have them on. I bought them for the fan shape, and when they arrived was pleased with the size of the amethysts and the design. <end>
 B000ET2ICU  Amethyst and quartzite flower necklace, 'Lilac Bouquet' ||	  Show Stopping!!  What an outstanding piece of art! This necklace glitters all over....the picture simply doesn't do it justice. Some of the stones are faceted and some are smooth, so you get different kinds of sparkle from different parts of the necklace. The coil is covered in glass beads and that adds yet another dimension of shine. It lays beautifully right at the base of the throat and stays nicely centered on the neck. Since there are various shades of pinks and purples, it can easily fit in with a variety of wardrobe colors. While extremely elegant and feminine, it looks fine with a casual outfits as well as dressy ones. I can't remember ever being so impressed with a necklace. Gorgeous! <end>  I bought the rose quartz version  of this same style and I was way more then pleased. In fact, I was so happy that, right now, I'm purchasing a few more necklaces in simialar styles but with different semi-precious gems. the price is more then fair considering all the work that obviously had to go into construction of the piece. <end>  pretty and practical  This necklace was very much as advertised; it has a delicate, refined look and a sturdy structure. <end>
 B000ET2IHK  Topaz chandelier earrings, 'Azure Dreamcatcher' ||	  Beautiful earrings with a great story  A very thoughtful person gave these to me when I was having restless sleep. Dreamcatchers have a beautiful storied history and they are a wonderful conversation piece. It also helps that blue is my favorite color  ) These came in a great box with a handwritten note from the woman who made them, that just blew me away! <end>
 B000ETNMJI  Sterling Silver Script Initial Letter B Alphabet Pendant Flawless Polish, 1 1/2 inch long ||	  Not the one I wanted  I settled on the one I got because they were out of this one. The one I got is okay, but I would have preferred this one. <end>  Great silver pendant!!!!  Loved this script B pendant!!! Nice sturdy, well-polished piece of silver. I was also happy to find that it is a solid piece of silver, not hollow or cheap-looking by any means. Great quality and nice shape. Makes me proud that my first initial is B.... BTW, Sabrina's delivery is fast and efficient too. <end>
 B000ETTMXI  .13ctw Diamond and Pink Sapphire Bezel-Set 14k White Gold Chandelier Earrings (SI1/2 H-I) ||	  The design is not able to stand up to wear.  Very pretty earrings but after one wearing the second tier of stones broke off. It is obviously a design problem. Very disappointing. <end>
 B000EU05WY  .50 cttw Prong-Set 7-Stone Round Diamond 14k Yellow Gold Wedding Band (H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity), Size 4.5 ||	  a gorgeous ring  This ring is gorgeous. I received it today and was very impressed by its quality. The diamonds are bigger than I thought and clear. The color is great too. It is colorless to my eye and the setting is beautiful. I am very satisfied with this ring, in terms of the price I paid. <end>
 B000EU8BRK  Beaded necklace, 'Turquoise Forest' 3.9" W 18.9" L ||	  Turquoise Choker  It is just as it is shown, very nice choker. It was also wrap in home made paper from the area, with more attention to detail. Very pleased. <end>
 B000EUIFJ4  Q-Link Pebble Golf Pendant with SRT3 ||	  Awesome product, bad Amazon seller!  I bought this product from Oximeter Superstore for a discounted rate in comparison to the MSRP the company demands, but I was under the impression that I was buying a "first" quality pendant that ended up being a "second" blemished pendant. I expected that I was getting a deal on a brushed finish sterling silver Q-link pebble pendant, and what was shipped to me was a polished sterling silver Q-link pendant that has a noticeable blemish in the form of a hole or casting bubble on the flat side that displays the copper coil. The art behind the coil that takes the shape of a target bull's-eye is off center enough to degrade the aesthetic appeal of its inner symmetry. On the other side, I contacted Oximeter Superstore concerning their blunder, and I got a response stating that I could pay to ship it back and pay a fee for restocking. This was an unacceptable answer! I would reasonable expect that Oximeter would offer to pay for shipping back, and offer to make it right by sending me an unblemished "first" quality product that boasts a brushed finish with the proper symmetrical expectations like the picture they used to sell this item. What a disappointment. I have had no other responses from them after I asked them to exchange this inferior product with the quality they stated in their Amazon sales page. Don't buy from these mean little people. <end>  Protect Yourself From bad EMF's  The piece of technology I personally use and the rest of my family and the wisest of my patients. I have tested this item using meridian stress equipment and something really works to balance the patients. It's a great product. <end>
 B000EVHGBQ  14Kt White Gold Stylish Blue Sapphire Crown and Diamond Anniversary Band ||	  Awesome Ring  I absolutely LOVE this ring! I'm not too much of jewelry person and hesitant to make big purchases. But I really liked the design and decided to take the risk and purchase this online. I couldn't have been more pleased. I loved the design when I first saw it but have to say the picture doesn't do it justice. It's a beautiful ring with a very comfortable fit. And doesn't get caught on anything so you can wear it all the time. Lots of sparkle! <end>
 B000EVLHB6  Small Genuine Tanzanite Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Affordable, Lovely & Comfortable  I collect Tanzanite jewelry. This is the lowest price on real tanzanite that I have ever seen. They are quite tiny and petite, but they are also very light weight & comfortable enough to wear while you sleep. The color and quality of the stones is excellent and the construction is very good.I have bought three pairs of these; the third pair, however did have one missing stone, but that pair was quickly and politely replaced by Silver Insanity. <end>  Pleased  Earings are as described. They are small, but I wanted real tanzanite without paying and arm and leg. <end>  nice earrings  I was surprise at how nice these earrings were. The color is bright, I liked the style and would recommend them. <end>
 B000EW2XSG  Sterling Silver and Pink Braided Faux Leather Bracelet ||	  Pink bracelets are for kids  I bought two pink leather bracelets as Christmas gifts for some pre-teen girls I know. They are smaller than I'd realized when I bought them. I decided to give them to a couple of six-year old girls, instead. <end>
 B000EW3TP2  Origin White Shell Necklace ||	  White Shell necklace  Fast Shipping and the necklace was beautiful!!! It was a gift, but I love it too and would order again for sure. <end>
 B000EWDFBA  Red Aventurine and Rose Quartz Earrings ||	  Colorful little earrings  I was hoping these earrings would be larger, but as it turns out, these earrings are perfect in size for me. There is a touch of elegance that I love about these earrings that lend themselves to nearly any outfit. Although, I find myself wearing them with medium and light blue quite a bit!!! <end>
 B000EWHOEO  Chinese Coin Necklace - Coins Will Vary ||	  Chinese coin  This is a cute necklace. Mine came a little too tarnished, but it isn't to the fault of those that sent it. Not all the coins are the same, so I just happened to get one that is more tarnished than the rest, but it is still a really cute necklace and I know the person I got it for will love it. It is on a nice cord, not too tick or thin, and the coin isn't heavey, or too thin, it is just right. <end>  Nice. Overpriced.  When I first opened the box, I noticed how thin and flimsy this thing felt. It's made of plastic, not metal, and is very light. I replaced the thin, wax cord string with a thicker, dark brown cord so it would look less feminine. $15 is really too much for this thing, even if it does look pretty nice. $5 would be a better price. I mean I like it, but it's a rip-off. <end>  Excellent Service  I ordered the Chinese coin necklace three days before Christmas and received it in time while paying for regular mail service. I really appreciated their quick response to my purchase. The necklace was great too! <end>  perfect makes every outfit perfect  This necklace is just the right piece. I'm not a big jewerly fan, but i love having a little flair. As well as loving the i Ching, Feng shui and Daoism, it fits perfectly into my stlye of no style. Good quality, perfectly aged looking coin, goes great with everything. <end>
 B000EWNWHW  Sterling Silver Pink Crystal 27mm Star Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  BEAUTIFUL!  So Beautiful, will be used on Baby Shower Tree with other pink items.Will certainly order this item again! <end>
 B000EWQ1AC  Sterling Silver Clear AB Crystal 27mm Star Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  beautiful star  I loved this star. I bought it for my friend as a Christmas present and she loves it. It absolutely sparkles whichever way she turns and she gets so many compliments on it. A wonderful product. Very much worth the price and then some. <end>  This pendant is beautiful.  Although the ring that hangs this pendant is sterling silver, I wore this pendant for the first time today on a gold chain. The colors in this pendant include gold, sea foam green, aqua, sky blue, pink and lilac. It looks quite lovely laying against skin. Right before I left work for the day, the sun came through the window, shone on the pendant and cast small circular rainbows all over the wall. I love swirling it around and watching it change colors. I would wear this on a more expensive gold chain with my brown velvet dress to a formal occasion.The size - The surface area of this pendant is about the same as a quarter. The "thickness" (center point to center point) is almost a centimeter. <end>  Item is pretty, but....  It's advertised as a Swarovski product, but there is no Swarovski marking anywhere on it as required for their products. <end>  Slightly Dis-appointed  Item arrived on time and packaged as promised. I personally think is a little "jevenile" for anyone over 10 - 14 yrs old. Perhaps could be listed under "junior" accessories, is still very bright an pretty, so wound up giving it to one of my god-daughters. <end>  Star pendant  Beautiful! My daughter loves it! Speedy shipping and packaged nicely so it wouldn't break.Thank you! <end>  Sterling Silver Clear Star  It does not feel like Swaroski crystal to the touch, more like plastic. I even went back to the description of the product to make sure I did not make a mistake while ordering. I'm still a bit doubtful on what it's actually made of.The star is about the size of a quarter and shines mostly gold, with green, blue or bronze tones depending on the light or the cloth its worn against. <end>  Reflects the light magnificently!  It is truly beautiful. Almost looks like a light is in it. I get lots of compliments whenever I wear it  D <end>  as shown  Looks as shown, refracts light well to show different shades of color. Would have been nice of it came with the band though. <end>  Great Sparkle  This pendant reflects a lot of light and I always get compliments everytime I wear it. It is comfortable to wear and I like it on a long chain. <end>  OMG DOES IT SPARKLE!!!!  Honestly for $10 I wasn't expecting too much but when I opened the cute little silver box that this pendant came in I was shocked at how sparkly this cute little star was! I wore it out the night I got it (just running errands) and got a bunch of compliments on it! I'm a sucker for anything sparkling (my husband will tell you how I browse through the Swarovski store wiping drool from my mouth) and this pendant sure fits the bill! True that there is no documentation or even a stamp on the box to say that it's genuine swarovski but it's so pretty who cares! <end>  star pendant  This was a gift for my fifteen year old grandaughter who said it was beautiful! Great service. it was delivered to her on her birthday! Thank you so much! <end>  cute and sexy  Very cute and sexy little star. can be worn casually or dressed up. sparkles alot! The holidays are coming up...i think this would make a GREAT and affordable gift! <end>  Beautiful Gift  I was looking for a pendant for my daughter to give her as a gift when she leaves for college. I saw this pendant on amazon and I thought it would be a perfect gift. When I opened the box, the crystal star looked beautiful and it really caught my eye. The crystal reflects different colors when in the light. My daughter is wearing it now on a chain. <end>  Eye catching!  I have earrings and pendants - people have been commenting on how *beautiful* the jewelry I am wearing is! <end>  Beautiful star  Very pleased with this item . It's well worth the price.I ware it every day and get lots of comments on it. <end>  bright & shiney star!!  I bought 1 of these for my Granddaughter for Christmas and had it sent to me to check out first. It was much better looking than I expected. I bought it on sale, which was a steal. But it would be a bargain at regular price. I also bought the sterling snake chain to go with the pendant. It was gorgeous!!I even bookmarked Gem Avenue on my computer for future occasions, since I have 3 Grandchildren in 3 different states. Now that I have seen the quality, I can have them ship. What a deal!! <end>  Swarovski Crystal  I purchased this beautiful star for my mom. I am so jealous that I will have to order myself one! It is absolutely adorable! <end>  wow  this star is clear not at all like the picture.it really sparkle and it catches any color you might be wearing. it really shine. i love this pendant. this one is a keeper <end>
 B000EX1P16  .07ctw Diamond and Rectangular-Cut Citrine 14k White Gold Ring (.07 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Amazing ring  I splurged on this ring, well it arrived 2 days later and WOW am I pleasantly surprised! It looks wonderful. The stone is a generous size but not over-powering and the tiny diamonds add nice accents to the sides. I am very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B000EY4CYW  Amazon.com  Quiksilver Men&#39;s Paragon ( sz. One Size Fits All, Black Band/Black Dial )  Clothing ||	  the watch din not work  Well,the watch did not work because it had no batery.I had to buy the batery by myself. <end>
 B000EYDA2C  Brilliant Men's NICKEL FREE! 6.5 Mm=1/4 Inch Wide Sterling-silver Italian Made Curb Link Bracelet ||	  Silver at it's best  I love the silver jewelry I bought. It was better than I could ever imagine. <end>  Worth the Money !  I had ordered this bracelet for my husband ,he absolutely loved it. Its simple and descent that's why it looks really smart.Its prettier than it appears in the picture. <end>  Great value!  I bought this bracelet last year for my brother. It looked very well made and he loved it. It looks the same now and he wears it all the time. <end>  Good quality  I use this as an anklet. Though I should have gotten a shorter length (it is very loose and falls too low on my ankle), that is my fault. But I've already worn it for a year and a half and it is still holding up great. The quality is fantastic and it's very stylish. <end>
 B000EYFU0C  Chinese jewelry box with brass longevity symbol - lined ||	  Cute Little jewelry boxes  I purchased six of these small jewelry boxes to put my bridesmaids gifts in, they arrived mostly in good order (some of the metal designs on the tops were a little bent or scratched, but nothing that would have prevented me from giving them as a gift). Obviously for this price you aren't going to be expecting the finest craft work, so to that extent there was some minor work that was shown on the inside of the box where the lining had been glued into place, but again, nothing horribly ugly that made me feel they weren't worth purchasing or giving as gifts. Why did I give it 4 stars you may ask when there was obviously some minor damage and glue shown on a few of the boxes? Primarily b/c it was precisely what I expected to receive based on the description and the price. <end>
 B000EZQSB6  Yellow gold plated spirit level cufflinks with green liquid with presentation box ||	  Great product. Fast shipping  These cufflinks are beautiful. Exactly as described. Shipping was fast and packaging was adequate. Will order from them again. <end>
 B000EZXYN6  10K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Tennis Bracelet ||	  men shopping for gf or wife...  I happily ordered this as a wedding gift for my wife when we were married last year. We are approaching our 1 yr aniversary, she has worn it many times and she seems to like it. The bracelet is sturdy and seems durable, yet has a delecate look that makes it distinctive. Recommended for men who don't care to spend time in malls and jewelry stores. I spent time looking any many items on Amazon and settled on this, buying it couldn't have been easier. <end>
 B000F04VSW  Everyday Elegance Drop Ring - Yellow Peridot, 10 ||	  Lovely ring!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous. It is very intricate. The stone is a pale yellow and the cubic zirconias down the side are a nice accent. I loved this one so much, I bought the amythest one as well!! You won't be disappointed. <end>  LOVE IT  I bought this ring for my 16 yr old daughter for christmas it arrived today and it is beautiful! I could not believe how nice it is for the price. It is a must have for any teenage girl well for that matter i would even wear it  ) Comes in a cute little satin case <end>  beautiful ring!  This is a beautiful ring! Looks exactly as pictured, I had received numerous compliments on it. Despite the low price, it looks wonderful, completely worth the money and more!Is highly recommended! <end>
 B000F09HHC  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Modern Style High Polished and Satin Finished Rhodium Plated 6mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Nice ring, but....  My daughter wanted this ring and the matching woman's style ring to use as "promise" rings with her boyfriend. Although both rings were nice and very shiny, they were VERY light weight and seemed like they cound dent easily. Nevertheless, the price was right and so far they seem to be wearing well. <end>
 B000F0PGQ8  Diamond Drop Earrings 10K 2 Tone Gold Ladies Post New ||	  Two Left Ears?  These would indeed be worth 5-stars except that the photo shows that they are not "mirrored" earrings- the left and right ears are not supposed to have the same earring when the design is assymetrical. Fine jewelery earrings are supposed to be "mirrored". <end>
 B000F0RFG2  Sterling Silver Scorpion Charm Bracelet, 1/4 inch (7 mm) wide ||	  Pretty and Delicate  The small and delicate Scorpions on this charm bracelet are perfect size. I was hoping when I ordered it that it wouldn't look too gaudy or manly. It is very dainty and unless someone looks close they would never know you have 10 Scorpion's around your wrist. It is a soft metal, and could be easily bent. I am an interior house painter, and part time cook, I havent took off the bracelet yet and its been 2 weeks, and there hasnt been any problems with it. <end>
 B000F0RI64  Sterling Silver Tiny Tube Hoop Earrings with Post-Snap Closure 2mm thick 3/8 inch round ||	  Great hoops!  These are much smaller than I expected...but I was actually happy with that. I don't like big earrings, especially with two little kids who like to pull on my face.  ) They are small, but very cute and practical. I love that they have the hinge closure instead of the kind you have to try and get the rod in the hole. VERY CUTE! <end>  Wonderful earrings  This is a best buy. I have problems finding simple hoop rings in dept stores. Sabrina Silver rings I been wearing for a few years now and I love them. The way I wear my earrings, I wear them 24/7, 365, to bed, etc. With this kind of abuse they last at least a year before the clasp eventually gets bent a bit too much and they get loose. I have had expensive sterling dept store earrings that give out in a weeks. I fear for the day I can't find these on amazon anymore. <end>  Beautiful!  Just what I wanted. Love these earrings! I haven't taken them out of my ears since I received them (2 months ago)! <end>  I sleep in mine  I like them better than the continuous ones and they stay latched even when I wash my long hair. They don't have another color metal bleed through. And they are cheap enough that is I lose one I don't have to pay a fortune to replace it or wait long for it's arrival. <end>  Tiny earrings-awesome look  I'm on my second pair of these (lost one down the sink). They are my favorite pair of earrings. They go with everything. Easy to put on and take off. Very cute!! <end>  Love them !  The earrings are awesome !! They arrived swiftly and I am very happy with my purchase. Great seller !What else can I say but great great great . <end>  decent product  Overall it's pretty decent product nice quality (much better feeling than the Amazon picture), small indeed, but as expected. It's about 1.8mm thick, thicker than I would have preferred,it maybe is just me, when it's small hoop, I like it to be proportionally thinner tube. The hinge part is quite out there and not something I fancy, but it's so hard to find small hoops on the market, I guess I will have to live with it. All in all, it's okay. <end>
 B000F0RI6E  Sterling Silver Small Tube Hoop Earrings with Post-Snap Closure 2mm thick 1/2 inch round ||	  Wonderful find  This is a best buy. I have problems finding simple hoop rings in dept stores. Sabrina Silver rings I been wearing for a few years now and I love them. The way I wear my earrings, I wear them 24/7, 365, to bed, etc. With this kind of abuse they last at least a year before the clasp eventually gets bent a bit too much and they get loose. I have had expensive sterling dept store earrings that give out in a weeks. I fear for the day I can't find these on amazon anymore. <end>  Very cute  I have three holes in my ears, and I like to have little hoops in the outer two. These are absolutely perfect! I hate the endless loops, but the clasps usually poke me and are really uncomfortable. These aren't bad at all, great price, and really pretty. <end>  a wonderful purchase  I love these little hoops. I wear them every day. They look nice, but aren't big and flashy. They've never come unlatched and fallen off or anything. <end>  Cute!  These are cute but very small.....almost too small to fit over my thick earlobes. It's a little awkward putting them on. I have to be very careful not to damage them. <end>  Great Product!  Thanks for the great product and quick delivery. I've enjoyed the earrings every day since I got them in the mail! <end>  Like the earrings!  I like the earrings but didn't pay much attention to their size. They are real tiny. I would have liked them to be much larger. <end>  Small Hoop Earrings  I like these earrings; however they are smaller than I anticipated. They do work well with everything tho and I can even sleep with them. <end>  Favorite style  These are really the only style earrings i wear. They came in excellent condition. Bought these months ago with no sings of wear. <end>  Good Earring for the Price!  I was looking for small sterling silver hoops to wear in the second holes of my ear. They arrived...a bit larger than what I wanted, but nevertheless, exactly as described! I was hoping they would touch the bottom part of my lobe as they looped around...at no fault to the seller, as they are described perfectly in the description, I will just have to purchase the "tiny hoops" that Sabrina Silver makes as well. They are very comfortable and will wear them alongside the "tiny hoops" when I receive them. Fast shipping too! Thank you!  ) <end>  sterling silver small hoop earrings  easy transaction. Earrings arrived quickly, were just as promised and at a great price. Would most definitely buy from this seller again. <end>
 B000F0XSQI  Sterling Silver Clown Charm Bracelet , 1/2 inch (11 mm). ||	  Clown bracelet  I ordered this sterling silver bracelet as a gift. The little clown faces are small, but they are well defined and go all the way around the wrist.After giving the gift, the recipient said she was very pleased with the bracelet. She said she had never seen one like it.The recipient is a collector of clowns so this was the perfect gift. <end>
 B000F13LPK  Sterling Silver Freeform Ring Flawless Quality Finish 3/8 inch wide, sizes 6 to 10 ||	  Very nice ring!  I bought this ring to wear with casual clothes (like dungarees) that call for silver jewelry instead of gold. I love the unique style. It is a substantial ring (not real thin in thickness) and looks lovely. I'm usually never disappointed with what I order from Amazon. <end>
 B000F146XQ  Sterling Silver 8 mm Men's Southwest Design Cross Ring 5/16 inch wide Hand Made, ||	  Simple, awesome ring  I'm not usually big on jewelry, being a guy and all, but this is my only ring, and I really like it alot. The one I received looks a bit different than the picture here. The crosses are vertical instead of horizontal, there are two dots also vertical seperating the crosses and no black lines on the top or bottom. Honestly I think it looks alot better than the other version, which is possibly why they began making them this way. It's elegant, simple and goes with anything...I love it. <end>
 B000F147YE  Gent's Sterling Silver Slim Rectangular Malachite Ring ||	  Distictive and Masculine  I've been admiring this ring for quite awhile.Although it is a men's ring, I think it's very showy and stylish and after having placed it on my wish list, it was purchased for me as an early birthday gift.t looks even better than the photo. I just can't stop admiring it.The deep green color is so rich and intense. Recommended. <end>  Gent's Sterling Silver Slim Rectangular Malachite Ring  I purchased the Gent's Sterling Silver Slim Rectangular Malachite Ring for my son. This is a really nice ring with a beautiful green stone. The ring arrived promptly in good secure packaging and was encased in a nice silver presentation box. The condition, priceGent's Sterling Silver Slim Rectangular Malachite Ring (Available in Sizes 9 to 13) size 13 and quality of the ring is excellent and I would recommend it as a great gift. <end>  sweet little ring  I like this ring for its' design...real simple yet 'purdy' with the malachite inlay--which, in my case, was not a perfect shape [the malachite slab is thicker on one side]. This is what made me like it all the more--gives it that one-off look. If you like malachite...S.Silver, and rings....AND at affordable prices--you'll dig this 'rascal of the jewelery counter'-- It's a honey! <end>
 B000F148BQ  Gent's Sterling Silver Large Oval Malachite Ring ||	  High Quality  My new malachite ring is beautiful! It is much higher quality than anticipated. I love it!I do wish it was 1/4 size smaller -- as I am not a "gent" and wear it on my middle finger which, ideally, is a size 8 3/4. Although that has nothing to do with quality and I will certainly make another purchase from this vendor. <end>
 B000F14MEY  White Cats' Eye Petal-Shaped Stone Flower with CZ Center ||	  Great for the price  I purchased this for 8.99 and it is great for the money, the necklace is more then I expected. The chain is strong enough that i'm confident that it won't break quickly and the pendent is the perfect size. <end>  Absolutely beautiful  Intended to give it as a gift, but ended up keeping it myself. I am not really into jewelry so much, but this is just beautiful. It's a nice size, the chain is sturdy and has a good length. Everyone comments on it. I just love it! <end>
 B000F15YWI  Gent's Sterling Silver Striped Black Obsidian Ring ||	  Classy/Stylish  All I can say is this is a fantastic ring, the shimmer of the silver and gloss of the black make for a great looking ring, it's comfortable and after the hype of a new ring subsides you forget its even there. Great price, perfect product, great shipping. Thanks, would recommend. <end>  Striped Ring  Very nice, attractive ring. Ring was a perfect fit. Have received compliments on this ring. <end>  Nice ring, good quality, affordable price  It's nice to find good quality at the right price! Many mens rings were too flashy or feminine looking. This one's perfect. <end>  Good ring  The ring has a nice look and feel, and the ring size was no larger or smaller then ordered (size 10 for me). The only complaint is that the two inside edges are bit on the sharp side. It is really only a problem when the ring gets hung on somthing for example the lip of a pants poket retriving wallet or keys. <end>
 B000F15Z68  Gent's Sterling Silver Black Obsidian with Tiger Eye Ring ||	  SPECTACTULAR  I gave it 5 stars because the ring is even MORE beautiful than in the picture. Really gorgeous and the tiger's eye is large and the whole thing is just stunning  ) <end>
 B000F180J2  Gent's Sterling Silver Triple Stripes Black Obsidian Ring ||	  Beautiful ring  This ring looks much better than the picture. Nice and solid, large ring. Was a bit loose on my dad's finger, but it was sized without a problem. The owner of the jewelry store commented on how nice it was and was going to have their best person size it because of the quality. A surefire knockout!! <end>  Classy Ring  Ring is much nicer than the photo can portray. Very clean and classy look. Service was very prompt. Definitely 5 stars. <end>
 B000F180UG  Gent's Sterling Silver Black Obsidian with Tiger Eye Ring ||	  Excellent Value  I recently purchased this ring and was delighted with its handsome, masculine look. I'm quite happy with my purchase. I think it is an excellent value. Delivery time was about seven days, which was about what I had expected. <end>  Solid  This is a solid heavy ring that can take the rough nights out at the bar and still come home looking good. Solid construction and great color in the Tyger Eye. <end>
 B000F19SQG  Gent's Sterling Silver Oval Synthetic Turquoise Ring ||	  Ok ring, but disappointing stone.  The ring I received was finely polished,and looked exactly like the one in the picture......except for the stone. The stone looksabsolutely NOTHING like the stone displayed.Where that one in the picture was a dark blue,I received a ring that had more of a baby blue stonewith a black strain through it.I was very disappointed. <end>
 B000F1L1KM  Laugh Play Dream Story Necklace (length  18") ||	  Nice Necklace - smaller than appears  This is an absolutely adorable necklace that the recipient loved. It was a gift for a petite girl, so it was the perfect size for what I wanted, however, it is smaller in person than it appears on the screen, and that may not appeal to all. It arrived on time and packaged in a nice gift box. <end>
 B000F1QW0Q  Ultra Silver Cleaning & Polishing Cloth ||	  Linda  I bought this item for my cousin, she liked it a lot! Had to buy her another one! She uses it quite often <end>  needs detail in the description  If you want me to buy your product first let's compare apples to apples. Where is the description detail? The size would be a very important piece of information for me to have to consider purchasing this item. <end>
 B000F1SCU4  Blitz Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate (8 Oz) ||	  Blitz Gem and Jewelry Cleaner  Works great in ourNew Trent CD-3800 Digital Ultrasonic for Jewelry, Eyeglass, and Dentures Cleaner. I used it to clean a 3yr old Casio Gshock watch that has never been cleaned and was filthy and it worked great. I also have used it to clean my fiances diamond ring and sunglasses and it works great for those too. <end>  It works with my ultrasonic cleaner.  I wasn't taking the best care of my engagement and wedding rings and I wore them while I would put on lotion every day. Needless to say, the lotion formed a layer underneath my black diamond and it was not attractive. I tried cleaning my rings in my ultrasonic clear with water alone about 5x and it didn't work. I followed the directions and added this solution and it worked great the first time. My rings are shiny as new. <end>  Great buy  It cleans my jewelry really great. My gold looks like brand new. No more trips to jewerly store? I would recommend this productFor anyone wanting to clean their jewerly. <end>  Jewelry came out shining!  I have used my sonic cleaner with water and with dish washing liquid but didn't see much difference in the cleanliness of my jewelry. I decided to give this cleaner a try to see if this will make a difference, and sure enough it did! I was so surprised at how shiny my jewelry came out! I definitely recommend this product to anyone who has a sonic cleaner at home. <end>  cleaner  This cleaner may or may not be effective. It seems to work but I don't know if results would be the same with another cleaning agent. <end>  Good Cleaner  This product did a good job. Used it in conjunction with the steam cleaning machine and my jewelry came out very sparkling. <end>  Blitx Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Review  Timely shipping, good condition and fairly priced. As I looked at the accessoris for this item I knew it had to be the one to make the cleaner work. <end>  The bottles were leaking  Whoever, probably someone in shipping, took the leaking bottle and placed it in a plastic ziplock(tm) bag.....Thank you. You saved the shipment from becoming a soggy mess. Otherwise, the item works as advertised. Use it to clean the gas jets on my stove. Havn't tried it on my mother's 100 year old diamond ring yet. <end>  works great but u only need a small amount  I got this to use with my ultrasonic cleaner and the suggested amount to use was way too much because my engagement ring needed to be washed several times to remove the soapy residue that was left behind. I find that even a small drop of it does wonders. Do yourself a favor and don't use too much. Remember, less is more <end>  great quality and service  I love the pearl cleaner and it has great lasting ability to clean multiple pearl strands or other pearl jewelry... it came quickly ... very good! <end>  Mom loves it  Mom loves it and said she would order more when she usses it all up. must be a good product. <end>  Gem cleaner  I received an electronic jewerly cleaner for Christmas and neededthe solution, so I bought it here. It works very good. <end>  Works as advertised  we used it with a sonic cleaner and it worked great. My wife was VERY pleased with the look of her jewelry and diamond ring when it came out. Would buy again! <end>  Blitz Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate (8 Oz)  I used the cleaner to clean my rings and it worked very well. I had no issues with product and would recommend. <end>  Great!  I used this with my new digital ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. Both are excellent products and very easy to use. Highly recommend. <end>  Jewlery cleaner  This product works great. No sticky residue and jewlery comes out sparkling. Would recommend to others who are looking for a good product. <end>  What a rip off  Do not but this stuff it does not work your better off using toothpaste. I used it in the sonic jewerly cleaner and it did nothing, I had to return it. Save your money so far the jewelery cleaner in the jars works 100 times better. <end>  Love  This stuff is super soapy and works great, better than what I was using before. I recommend this product. Just read directions. Not for delicate stones. <end>  Probably a waste of money  After we got the cleaner we realized that a drop of normal dishwashing soap did just fine. Haven't used any yet. <end>  works well with Sonic Cleaners  just the right stuff to get the cleaning machine to do a ZIP job. No strong scent and it works. <end>  Blitz Gem and Jewelry Cleaner  I have not used Blitz Gem and Jewelry Cleaner yet. I will not use it as it is a Christmas present for someone. <end>  Works great, don't need to use a lot  Bought this along with this cleanerNew Trent CD-3800 Digital Ultrasonic for Jewelry, Eyeglass, and Dentures Cleaneronce I got engaged and wanted to keep my ring sparkly clean. I've also used it to clean my glasses. I've used the cleaner several times with a variety of cleaning agents. I've tried no agents, dawn liquid dish soap, and this Blitz cleaner. The Blitz cleaner definately worked the best, however the dish soap worked pretty good as well. Works best when used with hot water. I will continue to use the Blitz until my container has run out, which should be awhile as I barely use any cleaner and water to clean my ring. I doubt I will continue to buy the cleaner since I always have dish soap on hand, and I really hate buying things I don't absolutely need. I don't like storing extra bottles of anything either. <end>  Works great  Seems to work very well when used with the ultrasonic cleaner I have. Gets grime off better than w/o using it. Doesn't leave any noticeable soap film either. 4 stars seems adequate for this. <end>  Not needed  After purchasing along with the ultrasonic cleanerand paying almost the same amount for the shippingas the solution, I was advised bythe manufacturer that this itemwas no needed to use with the cleaner. <end>  They sent me the wrong product  I ordered this product from Blitz and they sent me the non-concentrate solution in the bottle that has the brush and cleaner. How am I supposed to use this with my Ultrasonic Cleaner? Thanks Blitz... <end>  never recieved this product!!!! Thought it was maybe backordered.  I ordered the ultrasonic cleaner and some other things along with this product...but this product was never delivered. I thought maybe it was on back order. Still have not received it. <end>  Works great!  You wont believe how dirty your jewelry is until you use this stuff, it gets everything off with no residue. <end>  great product  I bought this along with the Sonic Wave jewelry cleaner for my daughter in law for Christmas. She couldn&#34;t wait to clean her jewelry! She was very pleased with this product. <end>  great stuff,  works well lasts a long time can hardly wait to order more I highly recommend it to all of you <end>  Helps  I did use a ultrasonic cleaner with just water and was satisfied, but this makes a big difference in how clean it gets your jewelry. <end>  great cleaner  Have used this great cleaning agent in my sonic cleaner and it cleans like a charm. It arrived well packaged and on time. <end>  Ultrasonic Cleaner Solution  A good product but probably could do just as well with a home cleaner such as dish soap but would recommend. <end>  Its a real gentle detergent  Almost to gentle and you need to do the cleaning twice.A quick arrival, high quality buy, fantastic buy, would recommend to anyone. I will do buisness with these guys again. <end>  gem cleaner  used this product on all my gold and diamonds and it worked great! came out clean and sparkly just like the day I first bought them thanks so much! <end>  Blitz Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate  Fantastic for new and vintage jewelry. Works great. Inexpensive and easy to use. Would reccomend to anyone who has a few or a lot of pieces to clean. <end>  It does the job  cleans my jewelry so well. I was a little nervous at first. thought my gold plated rings and watches would turn color but the gold stayed intact and looks brand new. <end>  excellent but don't use as much as they say  This is an excellent cleaner but you don't need as much as they suggest using in the ultrasonic cleaner. A capfull or so is fine if all you're doing is a few items. They suggest a lot more than that and when I did that the jewelry was very soapy afterward no matter how much I rinsed. <end>  Loved this cleaner!  I had read on other reviews that with the sonic cleaner that I purchased it was just as effective to use dish soap or just hot water, but this cleaner provided much better results than the others. I love this cleaner, and love the job it does. I have people notice my engagement ring from across restaraunts and part of the reason that it is so beautiful is becasue I always keep it cleen. I use a capful of this and very very hot water and just wait for it to come out looking great. I used it on my high school class ring and could not believe the difference. I'm ording more, I wish I could get a gallon of this stuff! <end>  Disappointed - doesn't seem to make much of a difference  I bought this to use in my Sonic Wave CD-2800 Ultrasonic Jewelry & Eyeglass Cleaner and it didn't seem to work any better than just water. I also tried cleaning my ring in just it, like the bottle suggested, and also didn't notice any difference. I was disappointed and will not be buying this again. <end>  Bling!  I love this product. It makes my jewelry sparkle! When I clean my engagement ring, I often get one or two comments that day about how beautiful it is. This product really does a good job of removing the daily grime that builds up on jewelry. <end>  Excellent customer service!  The Blitz folks mis-addressed the package containing my jewelry cleaner, and so it got delivered to the wrong address and was destroyed by the dogs in the yard. My email complaint to the Blitz customer service was answered almost immediately, and a new bottle shipped out free of charge. I just received the second shipment, used the cleaner, and it's great!!! Highly recommend doing business with Blitz! <end>  Amazing!  I've had a nice build up of gunk around the setting of my diamond for several months. I purchased theNew Trent CD-7810 Professional Ultrasonic Watch, Jewelry, CD and Eyeglass Cleanerand put my ring through it for a total of about 15 minutes with hot water, and then another 10 minutes with hot water and hand soap, all to no avail. I didn't purchase the Blitz Jewelery cleaner when I purchased the ultrasonic machine because admittedly, I'm cheap, and I figured I'd save the extra money if the ultrasonic cleaner worked well enough on its own.Once I realized the ultrasonic machine alone wasn't going to cut it, I ordered the Blitz cleaner. What a difference! The manufacturer recommends that you only run the machine for a maximum of 3 minutes per cycle with this solution, and after 2 cycles I could not even see a speck of dirt left on my ring. Even my husband said, "Holy cow it's so sparkly!"Don't make the same mistake as me - if you're buying a cleaning device, definitely buy the Blitz cleaner too! Truly amazing results <end>  Purchased this with the ultrasonic jewelry cleaner  This product will last a long time, as it only takes a few drops to the water in the ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. I see that regular dish detergent would probably work too. But, having this concentrate assures me I am doing the best job I can. <end>  Good product  Only used this a couple of times and believe its a good product, just not great. Yes, it helps get the items you want clean, however there always seems to be a film or residue left afterwards, which usually can dissapear after rinising the product off in plain water. The other note is that they say about using the cap as a measuring tool to use the product. It would be nice if they had a better cap that actually could measure the liquid instead of trying to fill a thumbil up a half dozen times for the larger tanks. <end>  Finally! A great jewelry cleaner.  I've been searching for a good jewelry cleaner that I can use alone or with my ultrasonic cleaner. This is it! I put some in the machine as directed and also in a spray bottle with water for quick sparkle. It's fantastic and will last a very long time. Other cleaners leave a filmy residue. This one does not. I keep my jewelry clean normally, but after cleaning with this Blitz I received numerous compliments. It was that noticable. I highly recommend this. <end>  Blitz Gem great product  Does a great job cleaning jewelry. Very satisfied with my purchase and will definitely be returning to buy more. Jewelry sparkles and looks like new. <end>  Jewelry cleaner exceed expectations  This product cleaned the jewelry perfectly and made to diamonds shine. I would recommend the product to anyone that uses an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. <end>  Jewelry Cleaner  We purchased one of these for my husbands hearing aid ear pieces. Does a fantastic job of keeping the silicone inserts clean, inside and out. Love it! <end>  Great Cleaner  We used this cleaner to clean a couple of watches and some rings. It was amazing how dirty the water became after just a couple of cycles. The pieces came out looking very good but we did need to use two or three cycles, especially for the watches. Does the job and at a reasonable price. <end>  The best!  This jewelry cleaner is fantastic and was so cheap! I was looking at $200 ultrasonics and this one is just as good! (I used to work at a jewelry store) For private use, this is more then enough! <end>  Skeptical...  When I started looking for a good jewelry cleaning machine, I came across this one, and was unsure about these machines anyway, But I started to read the reviews and they sounded pretty good. So I went ahead and ordered it, received it quickly and tried it out right away. I thougt the little light would light up but it did not so this one must not have one, so did not know it was working at that time, Then I expected tiny little bubbles to occur in the water when turned on, there were no bubbles, so I was really unsure if it was working, So just waited til it was done with the time. When I took the rings out they did look cleaner, but I usually keep my stuff pretty clean anyway.. So as of right now, still a bit skeptical with it. I guess I need to get my rings real dirty and then try again... <end>  Blitz Bling Bling!!!!  I love my Blitz Jewelry Cleaner! It works great and I don't need to use a lot of it, so it'll go a long way! I use my cleaner every other day because the cut of my diamond. My Pear-Cut Diamond is SO Bling Bling when its done cleaning and I love it! <end>  Works well  I ordered this to use in an ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. I cleaned two rings with just a few drops. I can see this lasting a long time. <end>  Performed as expected  Received product on time. Tried it immediately with ultrasonic jewelry cleaner to clean diamond rings. Good results, renewed sparkle, noticeable to other family members without them knowing that product was being used. <end>  Works great  This product works great on gem stones,gold and silver. I don't understand why some reviewers say it doesn't work. Maybe that are trying to use it on costume jewelry? Anyhow, its great! <end>  Got the job done  Product worked great with the ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. I am so glad that I purchased it. Will definitely purchase again. <end>  gunning perfection with the solution  Long story short, I use this Cleaning solution in the Ultrasonic cleaner I picked up though Amazon to clean spent bullet shells. It works great. I would also us Amazon for your web shopping. I had never used or shopped on Amazon before this purchase. I had some problems with the mail delivery and Amazon took care of the issue fast and with no extra cost. So in short. The people out there doing reloading and looking to save money on there Ultrasonic cleaner, you found it. I would also recommend this Cleaning Solution. <end>  Great cleaner!  This is a great cleaner, but after 2 runs in my ultrasonic cleaner, I still had to use a toothbrush on the jewelry. I didn't really mind, and realize that this might be because of the machine, rather than the cleaner, but overall, great product. <end>  jewelry cleaner  This cleaner works very well. When I've used it the jewelry came out very clean and crystals very shiny. Good purchase. <end>  Works great  Works great in the ultrasonic jewelry cleaner. Now all of my jewelry looks like it's been professionally cleaned. Make sure you read the directions and only use the amount you need to add to the water instead of using all cleaner and no water like we did the first time. It does pay to read the directions! <end>  Amazing!  I love this stuff! It creates a "polish-type" finish on all of my watches, rings, and even earrings. I use it with a sonic jewelry cleaner, and that set up is really nice to have! <end>  A must additive to any Ultra sonic cleaning machine  Really works. Be carefull of loose stones.This will clean out the gunk that may be the only thing holding themShines Gold and Silver better than plain water. <end>  Jewelry Cleaner  The cleaner cleaned the jewelry very well, but I had to measure the amount as there were no lines on the bottle marking the amount to be used each time. <end>  Be aware , this product is for silver cleaning machines only!  I was mislead and thoight I could use this product to buff my silverware. In fine prints, it says for silver cleaning machines ...  ( <end>  I think it does the job  I am not sure if this does what it says it does....I mean...I have an ultra sonic tank and I use this stuff but I can't always get it to smell right...my watch smells like sweat when I don't wash it...stainless band...this stuff makes it smell alright for a day...but so does water, but I leave everything in there from when I go to sleep, then when I wake up, I put it on after it dries...but I don't know, I don't have anything to put this up against...but if I run out...I might buy it again..like i said...a day...and it doesn't cost an arm and a leg  ) <end>  Improper container  I purchased this concentrated cleaner, based upon the other reviews, for use in an ultrasonic jewelry cleaning unit. The picture of the cleaner on the Amazon website is labeled as "concentrate" and in a tall slender bottle. The package that I received is in a short, standard size undiluted cleaner container for direct placement of jewelry - it even contains the standard basket and mini-brush. The container has an overlay of a label that says "concentrate," but I don't know if that was placed there by the merchant that shipped it (Living Essentials), or Blitz. Also, I don't know if what I received is really the concentrate version or the full strength solution. If it is the concentrate, I don't know the recommended dilution to use, since it is not in the concentrate bottle and the directions on the container state to place jewelry in the basket and agitate gently for 3 minutes. I cannot attest to the efficacy of the product, as I have not used it to clean jewelry and am still debating about if/how I should use it, diluted or undiluted. <end>  Great stuff!  The jewelry cleaner worked great! I've had a great time seeing my jewelry sparkle after coming out of their bath in this cleaner. <end>  Works as advertised  I poured the recommended amount into my new jewelry cleaner and my wife's ring came out sparkling. I am not sure how much better (or worse) dishsoap would be, but this cleaner works well. <end>  Jewelry Cleaner  I bought a jewelry cleaning machine and the soltion as well. It definately cleans very well and does work on all jewelry types. You only need a small amount so one bottle will last a while. <end>  Excellent cleaner!!!  This product is wonderful! I use it to clean all my jewelry and it comes out like brand new! Will definitely be buying this again!! <end>  Excellent Multipurpose cleaning solution  I use this stuff and my Rayn Ultrasonic Cleaning machine on everything from precious metals to amethyst and other rocks I've tumbled, parts of firearms, and even my zippo blu that was clogged with flint. Whatever chemicals are in this, they havent destroyed anything I have tried to clean yet. Tried it on quite a few things. <end>  Works like a charm!  Performs the way it's advertised and I'm quite satisfied. I'm using it with theNew Trent CD-3800 Digital Ultrasonic for Jewelry, Eyeglass, and Dentures Cleaner, and while some of the dirtier items needed several rounds of cleaning, everything has come out very clean and sparkly! <end>  Great Ultrasonic Cleaner  The product arrived and was put to use immediately. Worked very well cleaning my wife's diamond rings and earrings. She even tossed her glasses in there and we were both amazed with results. This is the first ultrasonic cleaner we've owned so I don't have much to compare it to. All I can say is, everything we put in the cleaner comes out sparkling. It takes very little time to complete a cycle and isn't very noisy. Great buy! <end>  Great product.  Glad I bought this. Our jewelry is like brand new. It cleans and brightens and the dirt it took off the jewelry was left in the water bath. Great product <end>  Works!  It really removes stains from jewelry u just have to be careful not to use too fine pieces because it might remove too much and even remove the shine. But it really does work! <end>  Love it!  I purchased this along with the "ultra sonic jewelry cleaner"... the two work beautifully together! I cannot remember the last time my jewelry was this sparkly! So pleased with the purchase! <end>  Great for jewelery  My rings and gemstones look wonderful! Lots of sparkle. Will need to reorder more product soon. Great product for use with sonic cleaner. <end>  great!  This Item worked fantastic. I put all my wife's jewelry in it before she arrived home. She thought I had purchased her new jewelry. Works really well on gold chains and rings. <end>  Seems to Blitz the dirt!  Used in an ultrasonic cleaner to take years of goop off of heirloom jewelry. Works as advertised and seems to make the goo go. <end>  Not worth the money  Dish soap worked just as good, if not better. Don't waste money on this, not worth it. A few drops of dish soap. <end>  great jewelery cleaner  with a sonic cleaner and Blitz Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate (8 Oz) with this jewelery cleaning solution..your jewelery will turn out bright and sparkley...recommend it to anyone...make sure you buy a good sonic cleaner... <end>  works great!  Fantastic to clean my Pandora charm bracelet that was constantly tarnishing. With all the hard to get area of the charms, regular polish was difficult. Now, I just throw it in and turn it on and the water becomes gray with all the tarnish coming off and the bracelet sparkles! Great for other jewelry too - my engagement ring now never looks better! I recommend going through several cycles to get optimum cleaning, as the water gets darker and darker every cycle. Also, no need to buy the expensive cleaner, a few drops of detergent works just as well ( have used both and see no difference). <end>  Great Product!  I couldn't believe my eyes, Our Jewelry never looked so bright as it does today. Would recommend to anyone that wants their Bling to give a little Extra eye appeal. <end>  Cleaner  This jewelry cleaner works great with the DB-Tech Digital Ultrasonic Cleaner. What can I say it works really well and makes your jewelry and eye glasses sparkle and shine. <end>  Blitz  This is the best concentated cleaner that i have used to date. It restores the appearance to look new again. <end>  Product not recomended  This product didn't work. Besides I follow the use procedures. I waste my money out. I do not recomend this product. <end>  Sparkles  Great! My diamond sparkles like new! My dad cleaned his glasses and thought they had never been cleaner. We did wonder if it would be harsh on the coating of his glasses, but didn't see anything on the label warning against it. Excellent product, I just wish it had a more extensive label. <end>  Jewery cleaner  I use this in the utrsonic unit. I guess it works better than a couple of drops of dish soap. Not sure if I can tell the difference. <end>  It works!  This stuff works! I use it in my sonic jewelry cleaner to clean my rings, earrings, etc. It does work, though is smelly while using it. <end>  Great Product!  Really enhances the cleaning power of the jewelry sonic cleaner! Works great to loosen stubborn residue. I would recommend this to a friend. <end>  Good stuff!  Works well. Did a good job in cleaning my jewelry. Can't beat the price and the amount of product in bottle. <end>  Great jewelry cleaner  We use it with the ultrasonic cleaner and it is amazing! You only have to use a small amount and it cleans wonderfully! <end>  Great cleaner  I did use it with a sonicator, but I had one necklace that I think was made with nickel (Silver),it was completely tarnish (Black). The clearner made it look new again. I used it to clean all my cosmetic jewelry and it just spackles. I would buy again. <end>  Great Jewelry Cleaner  I use this cleaner once a week in my ultrasonic cleaner for great results. It works great for both gold and silver. <end>  Get the Blitz on your Bling!  Wow! What a difference a few capfuls of this makes in a plain water solution in your Ultrasonic Jewelry Cleaner! Had a couple of vintage pieces of sterling silver snake-skin style bracelets that the seller noted needed cleaning and, boy, did they! Add 4 caps (half the recommended dose) to my cleaner and after just one cycle the difference was amazing -- ran it 4 more times and there wasn't a speck of dirt or smudging left! <end>  Jewelry cleaner  Like other people said use less then what's recommended...works GREAT with diamonds and good on other stones. I use it for my diamond and sapphire wedding ring <end>  Works as advertised  I bought this to go with an ultrasonic cleaner I was purchasing. I tried cleaning a ring with and without this, and I can say the ring seemed a lot cleaner after I used this item in the machine (of course, it could have also been because it was the second time through the machine!). The product doesnt have any kind of odor, and is clear and doesnt stain or tint jewelry items. I also used it in the machine while I was cleaning my eyeglasses, after rinsing well I have had no bad effects. The product works as advertised. You can, of course, always just use dish soap in an ultrasonic machine, and that is probably what I will do for my non-jewelry products such as my eyeglasses and CD's or DVD's. I will continue to use this cleaner for my jewelry for now though. <end>  Jewelry Cleaner  The product looks kind of cheap out of the box, but it really is a great product.It cleaned all of my wifes jewelry like new. I would recommend the product. <end>  Get your glitz on with Blitz  Bought this to go with my sonic jewlery machine and it works awesome. Tried the machine with just water and it was great, but added the Blitz and my bling was amazing. Grat product. <end>  Works as advertised  Great stuff--cleaned up some LONG neglected jewelry in my new electronic cleaner, and I noticed the machine worked far better, and more quickly, when I included this product. <end>  cleaner  this jewelry cleaner works pretty good for my wife's jewelry she uses it once a week never had any problems using it her rings look real good will buy more for her. <end>  jewelry cleaner concentrate  I bought a Kendal super sonic jewelry cleaner for my wife for Christmas. Other people's experience indicated that a detergent would help make the sonic cleaner perform well. So I ordered the Gem & Jewelry Cleaner Concentrate through Amazon but from an outside source, Blitz Manufacturing. When the cleaner concentrate arrived the plastic bottle was "shop worn" and the printing on the container was virtually unreadable. My wife tried the concentrate in the Kendal sonic cleaner and was not too impressed with the performance. The Kendal super sonic jewelry cleaner works great, but the product from Blitz was discarded. A bit of dish-washing detergent was all that was required. So, the Kendal super sonic jewelry cleaner is a good product that performs very well. The experience with the Blitz concentrate was disappointing. It wasn't expensive, so we shrugged and tossed it. <end>  Jewelry cleaner  This works great and is concentrated. A little goes a long way. Cost effective. <end>  Great Cleaner  This is by far the best quality product for your money out there!!!I plan on buying more in the future as needed. <end>  ok  seems to work decent, but not great. tried it on all of my jewelry in my ultrasonic and some stuff came clean, some did not. <end>  Better than a jeweler cleaning  This works really well with the electronic cleaner we purchased.The combo is better than having jewelry professionally cleaned. Good value. <end>  A Great buy  I bought this cleaner for my sister for her birthday. She LOVES it. Said it had cleaned some silver jewelry that she thought she was going to throw out, but decided to see what this would do. "They came out like new!" So, now I am going to order one for myself. Thank you.... <end>  Cleans and Shines  Got the wife's jewelry all nice and sparkly again...Except for the silver. This stuff isn't specifically recommended for silver and I'm not taking chances.. <end>  Very Good Stuff!  Very efficient, you don't have to burn up a lot of time (or elbow grease) on shining things so they look great. Also doesn't wear through any plated items. Highly recommended! <end>  product works great  I ordered these items 2 weeks before Christmas. The cleaning machine arrived several days after I ordered but the shipper of the cleaner was very late. I got it one week after Christmas. The person I bought it for lives an hour away which meant I had to make the drive to deliver it. <end>  Gift - Jewelry Cleaner!  The jewelry cleaner was a real hit with my mom for Christmas! She has a ton of jewelry and was very pleased with this product. <end>  Good product  Bought this item for my daughter. She absolutely loves it. While I was visiting her we threw in some of my jewelery. It never looked so clean and bright. Good product and easy to use. <end>  Seems to work  Seems to work better than just plain water. Don't need to use a full cap of liquid. I didn't do any scientific comparisons but there were no problems using this product. <end>  Works great!  This got my diamond rings sparkling and my glasses smudge free! I highly recommend this product. It is best for gold and platinum. I have not yet tried it with sterling silver. <end>  As ordered  Product is as ordered and shipped and arrived promptly. Bought it for my wifes new jewelry cleaner. Can't wait for her to put it to use. <end>  Works well  Works well, recommend use a heavier than instructed mix for very tarnished and dirty items. Excellent for fine jewlery, coins and glasses. <end>
 B000F1SCV8  Jewelry Cleaner Cloth 12"x15" ||	  Not worth the trouble!  I have purchased this item once before and have always been very impressed with it. But, this time when I ordered it, I did myself a favor!! I actually checked the shipping costs. WHOA!!! The shipping cost was only $2 less than the product. Never again! I will not waste my money on shipping for this product. I think the Blitz Company should be ashamed of themselves. The light weight of this item does certainly not warrant the amount of postage.Very unhappy customer. <end>
 B000F1V6KW  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 8 1/2, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B000F1Y8E8  Yellow Gold Star Earrings ||	  NOT WORTH THE MONEY!  I was shocked when the star earrings came because they were so small that I couldn't even get them on my ears! In fact, I threw them away because I knew I would NEVER be able to wear them. <end>  Bad review generated my business.  There was only 1 review for these earrings and it was that review that generated my business. However, if you couldn't see these earrings I am really sorry because they are 1/4" big - yes BIG! I bought them thinking they were teeny tiny and would be perfect for my 2nd holes. However, after receiving them I will use them for my 1st holes and look for others for my 2nd holes. These earrings are beautiful - much better looking in person that in the picture. Thanks for the review. <end>
 B000F2DVGS  14k Yellow Gold Filigree Dangle Earrings ||	  Gorgeous, understated and classy  I love these earrings - they're beautiful on without being too big or too gaudy, and dress up or dress down easily. One of my most favorite pairs. <end>  beautiful earrings  i purchased these earrings for my mother-in-law...mother's day's coming up.i just received it in the mail, and i am seriously thinking about keeping them for myself. these earrings are beautiful. it definitely looks much nicer in person. it comes in a little blue pouch, enclosed in a little blue gift box, so it's ready for gifting. <end>  compliments  simple & delicate and subtle enough for daywear. it goes w/ almost any outfit! <end>  lovely  These earrings were as described- very light and elegant looking. I gave them to my mother for Christmas and she really loves them. <end>  Elegant but simple  I got these for my mom and she absolutely loved them. They were different, but at the same time simple and easy to match with different types of outfits. They can look elegant and sporty at the same time.They also look very much like the picture, with a nice and delicate design. <end>  Glittering in the Lights  I am looking forward to wearing them as they sparkle and catch every eye at my son's wedding on June 30 <end>  Beautiful earrings  Love them, love them, love them, beautiful designs. very very light feeling almost as if you have no earrings on. It is just a wonderful jewellery to own. <end>  Pretty earrings  The earrings are a nice length and look really nice with any outfit. I really like the earrings and am happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000F2HSMG  14k Yellow and White Gold Reversible Filigree Heart Pendant ||	  Beautiful and Unique  My boyfried bought me this for Christmas and I love it. It is really beautiful and looks just like the picture. It's very unique and I get lots of compliments when I wear it. The reversible aspect is really nice and it looks equally good on both sides. It is the perfect size for a necklace. It's called a charm, but I wouldn't use it for a bracelet. It's a little too big for a bracelet but it's perfect for a pendant. <end>  Beautiful two tone heart  I liked this so much I bought another! Looks great and I am very happy with it! <end>
 B000F3FOR6  Pearl and peridot drop earrings, 'Attraction' ||	  Favourite Earrings!  I love these earrings. They've been my favourites since I received them a month ago. I've worn them horseback riding and to fancy dinners. They're not bulky looking, the pearl is prettier than in the picture and it's on a loop set behind the gem so it can dance fetchingly when you toss your head. Fiddle-dee-dee. The peridot has a dimensional, glowy look and just happens to catch the colour of my eyes perfectly. I'm very pleased with this purchase. <end>
 B000F3O8X2  14k Yellow Gold Round St. Christopher Medal ||	  A LITTLE SMALLER THAN EXPECTED  THIS ITEM IS VERY NICE! SMALLER THAN EXPECTED BUT HAPPY WITH THE QUALITY OF THE PIECE. IT'S A LITTLE SMALLER THAN A QUARTER BUT NOT SMALLER THAN A NICKEL (IN BETWEEN). MY HUSBAND WILL LOVE IT FOR HIS NECKLACE. OVERALL THE QUALITY AND DETAIL IS GREAT, JUST SMALL. <end>
 B000F3O8XC  14k White Gold Round St. Christopher Medal ||	  Beautiful!  This medal was everything I had hoped for! My husband wears white gold (if anything) but finding a white gold St. Christopher was almost impossible. This medal was not only beautiful, it was a reasonable price as well. It came promptly (with expedited shipping) in an attractive blue pouch. He is very happy with his gift. <end>  Special Gift  I purchased this to give to my late husband the night before our wedding. His dad wore a similar St. Christopher's medal and had passed away. I wanted him to have something to remind him his dad was with him. It was exactly what I hoped would arrive. Good quality and shipped quickly. I would absolutely order it again!!! <end>
 B000F3O8YG  14k Yellow Gold Little Girl Charm ||	  Nice  It is just what you see in the picture. It is thin but not so thin it will bend. Got a good deal on it and the little boy to match. Both are 3/4 of an inch high with the height of the ring on top and they are 1 inch high. Because they overlap you'll need spacer beads or something else between charms if you want more then one on the same chain (one for each of your kids for instance.) I went to Hobby Lobby and picked up some glass beads to space them out. Worked out well.Good choice if you want to honor your kids but don't want to spend $300 or more on the Kidz charms. <end>
 B000F3O8YQ  14k Yellow Gold "Best Friends" Charm ||	  A Great Gift for anyone  It made a great gift. It is such a good idea.My fiance loved it, and the fast, courteous service was excellent.Thank you so much. <end>
 B000F3OAZS  Amazon.com  100% Silk Green Jewelry Pouch &quot;Roll Model&quot; -Fair Trade Gifts  Clothing ||	  Great Gift!  I bought these for my mother and sister and they were a hit. Very pretty, fair trade item, unique gift. Very pleased with this item. <end>
 B000F3Q2Y0  14k Yellow Gold Dolphin Charm ||	  Very small  Better suited for a child or a small person. Luckily the person I am giving it to is small. <end>  Beautiful Charm!  I got it, and it is so pretty, I decided to hold it back to give as a Christmas gift this year. <end>
 B000F3S7RK  14k Yellow Gold Enamel Sandal Charm ||	  14k yellow gold enamel sandal charm  I gave it a five star because the charm is small but very cute. The orange yellow gold enamel is not the color on the charm, but it is a bright yellow. It does have the option to open the top part so you can hang it to a charm bracelet. I loved it! <end>
 B000F3S7SO  14k Yellow Gold Enamel Ladybug Charm ||	  enamel comes off  Hi ... I had this lady bug charm added to my bracelet ... all of the enamel has chipped off like bad nail polish - thoroughly disappointing, don't waste your money! <end>  Cute  This ladybug charm is very cute and dainty. I like it a lot. I am glad I got it. <end>  Lady Bug  This item arrived and the wife loved it. If she is happy, I am happy. <end>  A good buy  I loved the ladybug. I would be happy to buy a matching ladybug necklace. <end>
 B000F3S7U2  14k White Gold Diamond Cut Round Filigree Pendant, 18" ||	  Not as nice as it seems  It looks nice online but in reality, it looks kinda of cheap. Only worth 50% or less of the amazon price. <end>
 B000F3V9XY  14k Yellow Gold Eiffel Tower Charm ||	  Just what I wanted  This charm is what I have been looking for. Not overly fancy, a nice sleek look, and it is just the right size. I really like the clasp used to attach it to my braclet, no need to visit a jeweler. Excellent price, I really would have paid more. <end>  Charmed  This is nicely detailed, and a good size for my average charm bracelet. It fits in with the other charms, not overpowering, not too small. I love the clasp on it, I wish all charms were made that way! Recommended. <end>
 B000F3VA1A  14k Yellow Gold Braided Love Knot Earrings ||	  Pretty - but they sit oddly on the ear.  I got these as a gift. They're pretty, but mine feel a little heavy and kind of droop forward unless I push the backing tightly against my earlobe (which hurts so I don't do it anymore.)If you don't have an issue with wearing the backings tightly against your lobe, then these are very pretty looking earrings. I don't wear them anymore because I think they look funny with the little saggy droop forward when what I would want from these earrings is to be more like large studs sitting straight in the piercing(honestly probably not noticeable to most - but I can't help but nitpick.) Again pushing the backing tightly against the back of your ear would also solve the problem but a more balanced earing (a backing with wider/more support) would have been ideal. <end>  My latest Birthday present.  My husband gave me these for my birthday recently and they are gorgeous. I have never purchased jewelry from Amazon before and I must say I am very happy with the earrings. They came in a beautiful black velvet hinged box inside a gift box. I could never had know they weren't from a jewelry store. The gold is good quality and the shipping time excellent. I won't hesitate to purchase jewelry from Amazon again. The earrings will make a wonderful gift for any occasion. <end>  loved these beautiful earings!  I received these as a birthday gift and love them! The color of the gold is gorgeous and I love the detailing of the design. They photo does not do justice. Got compliments the first time I wore them! <end>  my mom loves them!!  All I can say is they looked great on my mom and she loves them. she wears them with casual wear and she looks very stylish!!! <end>
 B000F45W9A  Sterling Silver very tiny 1 mm Ball Stud Earrings / Nose Studs (1/32 inch) ||	  *Too* tiny!  I've been looking for small silver or white gold studs to make it less obvious that I have seven total ear piercings, and these seemed like the perfect solution! However, be warned that when they say "tiny" they mean "tiny." The ball is so itty-bitty that I can literally pull the stud-side all the way through my ear with no pain whatsoever. So far they haven't just fallen out, though, which is great.So, these are perfect if you're looking to make piercings practically disappear from view, but be warned that they might disappear from your ears, too. <end>  tiny sterling silver stud  So hard to find this size, I was thrilled to find it here. I use it as a nose ring so anything bigger than this 1 mm size looks too big. Great product, don't stop carrying it ever! <end>  Above Average Quality  I bought 3 pairs of these nose studs because I actually purchased them for my ears. I have 3 holes in each ear and they are the perfect size if you are going for a classic look. They are very small, but not so small that they fall out. This is actually the second set that I've purchased from Sabrina Silver. I purchased the first set about a year ago and I wore them every day. The only time I took them out was to clean them. They held up pretty well, but I use rubbing alcohol to clean them and it wears the silver finish off after a while. They are not solid sterling. They must just be coated with sterling. Overall, they are a good value for the price. I am very satisfied. <end>  Nose studs  These are the best nose studs for me, especially for me since i cant really wear them at work. They really dont show as much.. <end>  Cute Nose Studs  Very nice deal! Cute super tiny nose studs, very tiny sterling silver studs for those who want a slightly visable nose stud...I highly recommend these studs, if you have a second or third ear piercing, they'll work well for you  )If you're looking for a little more visable look then purchase the 2mm sterling silver studs instead, they're great too!  )Wonderful seller, highly recommend 5 stars =) <end>  super tiny studs  These tiny studs are great as nose studs rather than earrings per say  )Unless you prefer a super tiny stud for multiple piercings, then these studs will work fine, especially if you have a smaller gage piercing- Otherwise try the 2mm size, they may work better for you if you're looking for the hardly noticable look =)Great seller, happy w/ my purchase!2 thumbs up!Thanks!5 Stars.... <end>  Thank you for a fast delivery  I needed it in emergency situation as I lost my nose piercing and I am so fussy about the size so I am grateful for the fast delivery of this item.. <end>  Too small  These fit the description--they are very tiny; much more tiny than I imagined. I'm returning these just because they're too small for my second piercing, but I can't complain much because they're exactly what they say they are! These would probably work better as a nose stud, not an earring. I've been very pleased with my other orders from Sabrina Silver, though, and would definitely recommend them to anyone. <end>  exactly like the picture!  they're exactly like the pic and super tiny but don't fall out! the only thing is that its really hard to get the backs of the earrings off but you can always switch them <end>  Love Love Love  I have never been able to find such a small nose stud, and finally did! I get compliments on it all the time <end>  Exactly what I've been looking for!  I've been searching for this size nose stud everywhere! (Read  teeny tiny) I was used to ordering studs on-line that were listed as 'small' and being disappointed when they arrived. I took a chance on these based on the reviews - and am so glad I did!I would change a couple of things about the Amazon listing. The main picture with the backing is initially misleading if you're looking at it quickly - makes it look like an earring only. Also, you receive two nose studs in one purchase; that wasn't clear to me so I ended up buying three units, giving me six studs. <end>  Nose studs.  I was looking for 1mm earrings to use as nose studs - I bend them into an L shape and wear them that way. These ended up being a little too small for my liking. I think I prefer 1.5mm balls, as the 1mm ball is about the same size as the post itself. However, this is not the company's fault!  ) I got exactly what was described, and in a very timely fashion. These studs are sturdy, and of a pretty good quality. If you are looking for 1mm balls -- buy these! But again, the reviews on the size being small, is correct -- It will likely go through your piercing. <end>  Perfect for a nose ring  I have been looking for a very tiny stud for my nose and this worked perfectly. Just bent the tip a little. <end>  Perfect!  Perfect little nose stud and exactly what I was looking for! Very small, however still noticable. I have gotten many comments on it! <end>  So Tiny!  These were so tiny that they went right through! I just got my nose pierced and wanted something for days when I needed to be more discreet. I can't wear these. I am so sad. Love Sabrina Silver. Won't rate them really low because they have wonderful jewelry..but these did not work for me. <end>  Tiny and discreet earrings  The earrings are tiny and discreet. If you are a professional and don't want your piercing noticed by a zillion people, this is a good choice. After hours, put the bigger studs in, let your hair down, and get wild. <end>  good price quick delivery  would definitely buy from this seller again. These tiny studs are hard to find, and 4.50 isn't a bad price either <end>  DO NOT ORDER!  Please save your money, this item is not worth it. It does not stay in your nose and the post (end) of it sticks out.DO NOT ORDER! <end>  These are TINY~  I really didn't realize how tiny these are. Actually have had them pull through my hole twice. I think I'll buy the 2mm next time. Came in the mail quickly; good service  -) <end>
 B000F4861G  Unique Filigree Wirework Adjustable Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet 7" - 7.5" ||	  Would not buy due to workmanship  I purchased this sterling silver unique bracelet for my daughter in law and gave it to her this year for Christmas. When she put it on it cracked in 2 places on the edge and also cracked in the middle. It is very light and very thin metal and cannot be fixed due to a non tarnish coating used...so I am out $99.00. My fault though since I put it away as a present and it did not have any defects until she CAREFULLY PUT IT ON HER AVERAGE SIZE WRIST (the sizes stated on the product). It is just too fine a wire to be used in a bracelet. I also had the jeweler weigh the silver and it is 14.2 not approx. 18.3 as stated on product description. <end>  Review  The bracelet was for my wife so maybe she should leave the review. All in all it was more sturdy than I expected looking at the picture. We are both happy with the purchase. <end>  Unique bracelet  The item I received is shaped more straight than pictured above. I was able to gently bend the wires so it'll fit my wrist better.It is beautiful and 'different'. It fits my wrist very well, and I am 5'2", 110 lbs, and normally wear size 2 clothes. I do believe though, it'll fit someone up to size 8 or so as the wires are flexible. Hope this will give you a better idea of its size. <end>
 B000F520P8  14k White Gold Princess-cut Blue Topaz Earrings ||	  earrings  I bought a number of pairs of earrings at the same time. These have quickly become my favorites. The setting is a bit unusual, and the stones are quite nice. The vendor was easy to deal with and I had no problems at all with the transaction. <end>
 B000F59XIK  Amazon.com  Loving Family 14K Gold Pendant with 2 Parents, 3 CHILDREN  Clothing ||	  Great item  I bought this as a Mother's Day gift for my wife, so I obviously haven't seen her reaction yet, but it's a very nice piece. It arrived quickly and was reasonably priced. <end>
 B000F5BJAU  Long Sterling Silver Peridot-Color Light Green Crystal Straight Threader Needleback Dangle Earrings ||	  Nice ear rings  Like the ear rings and I love ordering from this company. I always receive great service. <end>
 B000F5K4SS  14k White Gold & 18k Yellow Gold Oval Shape Tanzanite and Diamond Ring (.03ctw, SI1/2 H-I), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful Ring  This ring is absolutely beautiful. The stone is huge for Tanzanite and the band is very substantial. I am very pleased with my ring and feel I got it for a bargain price at $225.00. I would highly recommend this ring to anyone who loves Tanzanite. <end>
 B000F5NEKI  Sterling Silver Italian Curb Cuban Link Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 13mm Heavy weight Beveled Edges Nickel Free, sizes 8 - 30 inch ||	  Heavy,Glittering,Stylish  A Heavy,stylish and glittering piece of men jewelry!I like the quality;it's more than 1cm wide and has a strong silver lobster claw and it really looks GOOD!Though,I have to say it's not meant to be worn on very bright skins.And,finally I've gotta say u have to buy a holster for it cause the package doesn't contain one! <end>
 B000F5QU7M  Sterling Silver Native American HOPI Design Sun Ring ||	  Great Ring!!!  Very good quality ring. Fast shipping and great communication. I will definitely purchase more items from these guys!!!! <end>
 B000F5XM1E  Bioplast Light Blue Blazing Baseball Belly Ring ||	  Pretty little ring  I'm wearing this ring right now and I have to say I like it very much! I have a small piercing and the length is just about right (an 8mm would be great!). I love the colors in it and when you turn it on either end it does resemble a baseball. I don't really like baseballs but when worn all you see are the colors. Its pretty comfy too so I'm planning to purchase another bioplast from this seller soon! <end>
 B000F5XM5U  BIOPLAST Black SWIRLY BEACH Ball Belly Ring ||	  Radical  I love this. I bought several of this kind from the company. And it looks awesome under a black light! <end>
 B000F5XM7S  Bioplast White Dice Belly Ring ||	  Loved the Style!However.....  However,the're was a stripped screw so that the dice on top would fall off every secound!I tried everything to fix it but couldn't.I'm going to try another bio plastic belly button ring and see what happens.Hopefully I won't get a stripped screw!Oh this belly button ring is super super small size of my pinky finger but I liked that part! <end>
 B000F5XMGE  BIOPLAST Pinksicle Belly Ring ||	  just what I expected  Exactly as described, and a good deal! Pleased with the purchase.Cleaning with rubbing alcohol made it look a little cloudy. But nothing too bad, and it seemed to fade after time. But I'd recommend peroxide over the rubbing alcohol for this reason. <end>  Cute!  I'm a fan of bioplast since the first time I wore one of these! They feel great, and the variety of colors is amazing! I love the combination of simple shape, convenience (no pain, no sticking to clothes, no weird marks on your skin when you wake up in the morning), and pretty colors! You can mix and match with your outfit and it always looks good! Love love love them! <end>
 B000F5XRFK  Bioplast Pink Red Jawbreaker Circular Horse Shoe ||	  6mm balls, not 5mm  The item description says the ball size is 5mm, the one I received has 6mm balls, still a cute ring though. <end>
 B000F60XGK  Bioplast Black Dice Belly Ring ||	  Happy but Lucky  I love the dice but the bar is made of plastic luckly I had an extra s.steel bar. The plastic make it hard for it to go into your belly. <end>  Dice are great  I have this one in two different color, the black and the light blue. Both are awesome. If you like dice, then you'll love this. <end>
 B000F60XM4  Bioplast Light Blue Glitter Belly Ring ||	  Very disappointed.  This product is NOT I repeat, NOT true to the colour displayed. When I received it, it was like an ugly dark blue that looks strange against my bronze skin. In fact, I think it would look odd against anyone's skin tone seeing as it is not a very attractive shade of blue like the one shown. <end>
 B000F612KG  Bioplast Pinksicle Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  No more metal!  I previously had a metal bar with a plastic top ball, but as I absentmindedly chew on the bar, I felt I needed to go with something less damaging to my teeth. So far, this works great. Haven't had any issues with it coming apart unexpectedly, is lighter than metal, and still chewable. Thinner gauge than I previously had, but fits just fine. Very bright pink. Seller shipped on time. I plan on getting another as a backup, maybe in a different color. <end>
 B000F612SS  Bioplast Blue Cateye Star Circular Horse Shoe ||	  Wrong Size  This ring is a 14 gauge ring. I'd ordered it because a search for bioplast eyebrow rings brought this item up, however when I recieved it, the package said 14 gauge. <end>
 B000F613BE  BIOPLAST Black MARBLE Eyebrow Ring ||	  Good quality  I bought 2 of these barbells to replace my boyfriends CBRs he had. He was having issues with developing a pollup next to the ring, and as soon as he switched to the barbell, he hasn't had a problem since then. The one is a little longer than the other, and sticks in front of his eye slightly, but he likes them, and loves the way they look. <end>
 B000F613D2  Bioplast NY Apple Red Eyebrow Ring ||	  It was okay  The plastic bar made it hard for me to put on because it would bend and my peircing was still fairly new. Also the bar is short which mad it even harder. <end>
 B000F6156M  Genuine Citrine Nose Screw in 14 Karat NICKEL FREE Yellow Gold ||	  Whose nose was this made for?  The gold is nickel free, but this nose ring was made for a nostril at least twice as thick as mine. Additionally, the citrine is irradiated (it's brown, not yellow). If I ever want to wear it, I'll have to get out my jeweler's pliers and remake it entirely, I can't imagine a nose this would fit. <end>
 B000F62RSW  Bioplast Blue Floral Swirl Belly Ring ||	  great for sensitive skin  This is a great product, I really believe that the bioplast is saving my piercing. Before i purchased this product i wore a metal ring that i had bought from the shop where i got my piercing done. I had nothing but trouble from my piercing, redness, inflimation, infection and actual active bleeding. The day after i put this ring in everything stopped and i haven't had any problems with it again. I would definately reccomend this product and any other bioplast ring for people who have trouble with infections or rejection because bioplast is hypoallergenic. <end>
 B000F62RVO  Bioplast Purple Green Hearts Belly Ring ||	  Ok ring.  I ordered this ring because I am allergic to nickel. The length is somewhat short for me. I broke the top ball the first time I put it on, because I twisted it on too hard. I haven't worn it again, but plan to when my piercing gets better and when I find another top ball. <end>
 B000F62Y6M  BIOPLAST Clear DICE Eyebrow Ring ||	  Hidden Dice!  I bought this product because I needed the bioplast part to cover my ring. I never really use the dices, hum, is not my style but if you are into semi transparent jewelery you might like it. <end>
 B000F64NPC  BIOPLAST Purple Pink MARRACAS Belly Ring ||	  One of my Favorites  Since I got this navel ring it has been one of my favorites. Its extremely comfortable and its so cute!! Sometimes when you receive a product the item itself doesn't look like the picture shown. This one looks just like the pic. The colors are beautiful and bright. Out of all the rings I have, I wear this one most of the time. I would highly recommend this ring!! <end>
 B000F64SRA  Bioplast Still Waters Barbell Tongue Ring ||	  UGH  This tongue ring was worthless by the time i got it in the mail. Its flexible and the balls were fine, but the part on the ends that you screw the balls onto just falls apart and i dont think its safe to use due to the fact that you'll end up swallowing the whole thing and your tongue piercing may possibly close by the time you realize it. <end>  black barbell  it was really difficult finding a solid black colored barbell that was either bioplast or UV. this one was exactly was i was looking for and shipped faster than i imagined it would. its flexible like it says, but too much bending will definitely snap it, so just be aware of its limitations. <end>  love it  Very comfortable if you're tired of metal bars. Flexible yet still sturdy. I haven't had any problems getting the balls on the ends to stay on. <end>  Perfect for daily wear!  It truly is light and flexible.....a great improvement from the metal ones! Very confortable. <end>
 B000F69VQS  Southwestern Style Chevron Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay and Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 6, #1775 ||	  Soooo Happy!!!  These rings are beautiful. Excellent quality. I was absolutely thrilled when I received them. They were packaged securely and delivered sooner than expected. All in all, a wonderful experience! My parents love, love, love their 50th anniversary gifts!! Thank you. <end>
 B000F6CA84  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Princess Cut Garnet and Clear Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Polished Finish 3mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Beautiful look, horrible quality.  I loved this ring when I received it. It was absolutely beautiful. It fit well and looked lovely.Then I put it on. The main gemstone (Garnet) was loose, so I was going to send it back to be replaced. I went to put it back in the box and one of the side-stones (Cubic Zirconia) fell out of its setting.I immediately went to send it back; I contacted customer service numerous times to get information, and they never once understood what I was asking.I would not recommend. The quality is poor, the service at this company is lacking, and though it is not an expensive item, it costs more than it is worth. It is a shame, too, as it was a beautiful ring. <end>  Absolutely Gorgeous  For the money, this is an absolutely gorgeous ring. The garnet is a clear, bright red and nicely faceted. I wear it every day and rarely take it off and it has not turned or tarnished at all and I've received MANY compliments! <end>  ring  so far,so good.its a beautiful ring.hope stones dont get loose or loses its shine as others said. <end>  So pretty but not for long!  This is such a pretty ring. Received it quickly and love how it sparkles. However, at least one stone is rattling around in it's setting. It's just a matter of time before it comes out. The 30-day return policy (needs to be IN THEIR HANDS before 30 days are up from time of purchase) just doesn't cut it. So attractive but just not well-made. You buy cheap - you get cheap. <end>  Nice  It's a very pretty ring. Good cut and color. Sparkly-- and who doesn't like things that sparkle? <end>  great piece of Jewelary  I wear it everyday, its really beautiful and I've got lots of compliments on it. <end>
 B000F6FAUE  Southwestern Style Chevron Band Ring with Turquoise Chip Inlay and Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 13, #1775 ||	  Soooo Happy!!!  These rings are beautiful. Excellent quality. I was absolutely thrilled when I received them. They were packaged securely and delivered sooner than expected. All in all, a wonderful experience! My parents love, love, love their 50th anniversary gifts!! Thank you. <end>
 B000F6WS6I  Snow White Full Body Disney Italian Charm ||	  clearly charming snow white  My children bought me an Italian charm bracelet a few years back as a gift from a jewelry store. My mother comments how pretty it is every time she sees it, so I bought her one for Christmas and 8 clearly charming charms to go with it. She has always loved snow white so I had to get it for her. It's a beautiful charm and because it's a double link it really stands out from the other ones. I'm going to order some of the other full body charms that are available for my daughters' and grand daughters' bracelets. They are unique! Cheryle M. <end>
 B000F72CU4  Medical Doctor or Workers Sterling Silver Mini Post Caduceus Stud Earrings ||	  Caduceus Earrings  I was very pleased with this product! I have sensitive ears so sterling silver is a must for all my earrings, as I don't care for the color of gold to begin with. I get many compliments at work every time I wear these. <end>  koooollllll  got it asafp gr8 product . although at the time of writing this reveiw i have since lost the set i had in a mosh pit ... oh well sa'lavie' . stil kool i dig the twinging serpents anround the cadaues wand . be even better when i get another ink an it wil be this more or less  ) <end>  Earrings  I really like the earrings. They are the perfect size for my second ear piercing & they catch people's attention when I wear them. Davina Martin <end>  so so  When I first found this item it seemed to be exactly what I was looking for. They were a bit smaller than I expected but was giving them to an emergency room nurse and figured the size would be appropriate. The only dissapointment was when I asked them the next time I saw them they said the back broke off the first time they wore them. Guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000F7B3G8  Sterling Silver And Peridot Flower Earrings by Zina ||	  intricate detail  The earrings were the perfect size for the ears. They had beautiful, intricate details. I really like them. <end>  Large but pretty  for some reason I thought these would only be about 3/8 in. across - they are closer to 5/8 in.! My wife really likes them though, and that's what matters... <end>  Perfect Mom Day gift  The earings were exactly as described and were delivered on time. My wife could not have been more pleased with the gift, nor could I with the perfect service received; it was exemplary. <end>  very large  I had expected these to be small stud earrings. They are about 1/2 inch in size and cover almost my entire earlobe. My teenagers told me they look like "old lady" earrings. <end>
 B000F7FDFA  Round Hoops Small 14mm V-Latch Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings - Nickel Free ||	  You get what you pay for  The earrings were beautiful except they fell apart, the first time I wore them. I was sitting at my desk, and I felt one fall out of my ear. The hinge is fragile, flimsy and broke, while in my ear...oh well <end>
 B000F7FDFK  Carved Red Jade Flower Drops and Freshwater Pearls on Long Sterling Silver Chain Dangle Earrings ||	  Streaky  They looked great online, but when I received them, the flower cut was cheap-looking & the color wasn't a rich red. Instead, it was an orangy-redish streaky color. Blech. Don't waste your money. <end>
 B000F7JGEY  Small Squared Hoops or Rectangular Drop Hoop Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Weird  I really don't understand how to wear these earrings. They are flimsy so I guess you're just supposed to pry them apart and shove them on your ears but I'm not sure how long the earrings or my ears will last at that rate! I'd pass on these... <end>
 B000F7R0XI  SILVER Aquamarine CRYSTAL GLITZY CHANDELIER Earrings ||	  Chandelier earrings  These earrings were ok. They are cute, but look very cheap. The picture gives you the impression that they look better than they actually do. <end>
 B000F7R3VM  Godinger Silver Plated Jewelry Box ||	  Great Gift!  I bought these jewelry boxes as gifts for my bridesmaides. They loved them! It was a very smooth transaction, and they were delivered very quickly too! <end>  Deceptive  This was not what I expected it to be. I thought this would be a good jewelry box for my necklaces but it was not laid out that way at all. The depth is such that there could/should be a tray in addition. Also, my box arrived with the lining from the top of the box hanging half-way off. Needless to say, the jewelry box was returned immediately, no replacement thank you. <end>  For the price, it's ok  This piece is not great, but it's pretty good. The lining inside comes loose so I'll try super-glueing it. <end>  JUST O.K.  RECIEVED IT ON TIME AND IT WAS JUST WHAT THEY SAID IT WAS.SHIPPING PRICE MADE IT A LITTLE OVERPRICED,BUT ITEM WAS O.K. <end>  A little disappointing  Some silver was chipped off the top edge of the lid when it arrived. It does not appear to be the best quality. But it is very pretty and I like the interior compartments. <end>
 B000F7SWNU  Child's 1/10 ct. tw. Diamond Stud Earrings in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  Cute!  I have the same pair in white gold for my older daughter but that one had some quality issues as one of the studs broke into two just after few days. I searched a lot to find a different style at a reasonable price for my little one but couldn't find any. These earrings are really cute and noticeable on her little ears, and so far dint have any issues yet and its been a month already since she is wearing. <end>
 B000F7T1IK  Burnished Gold CIRCLE DROP Earrings ||	  heavy and extra long-don't buy!!  These earrings are horrible. They look great in the picture-but are incredible huge and ugly when you receive them. Don't buy!!! <end>
 B000F7T8RE  Crystal Heart Belly Button Ring Twisty with Chain ||	  Love this navel ring!  This style of navel ring works well for crooked piercings (where a barbell style doesn't lay straight). And it's cute, cute, cute. I love pink and know other colors are available from their website, except red, which I'd especially like to see available. The crystal heart is very sparkly and bright. This item is a WIN! <end>
 B000F7ULT8  Pugster 4 Pc 925 Sterling Silver Crystal Beads Charms Set Fits Pandora Charm Bracelet - Made With Over 40 Swarovski Crystals - Can Also Be Worn As Pendant - Comes Packed Inside A Lovely Velvet Pouch - Add Sparkle To Your Collection Of Pugster Charms ||	  Roseann the Librarian & Penguin lover  In addition to Muppets, I collect Penguins....this is adorable, and I snap it onto my silver chain or bracelet for a little fun when I wear black/white outfits. Picture is exactly what you get. My enameling was perfect, clasp was well-made. No problems...pure fun. <end>
 B000F7V368  GOLD CRYSTAL GLITZY CHANDELIER Earrings ||	  Glamourous  My set has been with me for two years and I love them. As with all dangle earrings their uses are quite specific and the color white shown in the picture is more of an ivory that is hard to match with my skin tone. Still very pretty when I get the change to wear them, and my boyfriend compliments every time which is nice considering he's not prone to noticing the little things. The bottoms hang down to the place my jaw meets my neck which leads to a very graceful line and compliments bone structure without being over bearing. Still they manage to be statements by themselves. A drawback of that is I have yet to find a necklace that you could put on with these without feeling overdone or part way into costume. The hook on one earring disconnected after about year while getting snagged in my hair, but I just picked it up and used pliers to retighten. Hooks getting bent out of shape with use is nothing new, or surprising, but it means they aren't peak quality either. <end>
 B000F7Z0HG  Sterling Silver Majestic Rose Quartz Cube and Pink Crystal 30" Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Lovely  These earrings are absolutely beautiful! I love the Rose Quartz in them, and they are just the right size. I've been wanting to add a rose quartz to my collection, and these were the perfect addition. The delicate gems above and below the quartz make them stand out and accent them perfectly. <end>
 B000F8CKT6  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  satisfied  excellent value jewelry. just as described. arrived exactly on the day planned despite distance. very satisfied. only point to have in mind is the purchase of a new box for nice presentation, but this depends if you want it as a gift. <end>  Necklace not as advertised  When I received this is the mail I was disappointed. It did not sparkle as my other Swarovksi pieces and the silver cheapens the look. I expected more crystals and less silver- unfortunately I did not get what was pictured. I even contacted the seller to see about returning it. The only reason I kept this over-priced piece was because I had also purchased the matching earrings and bracelet. The bracelet (the one with just crystals, no silver beads) is stunning and the earrings are decent. <end>  Beautiful for bridesmaid jewelry  Lovely necklace. Great mix of colors in shades of purple, pink and blue. My Maid of Honor loves it! <end>  Beautiful Necklace  Really pretty necklace. Very eye catching and dazzling! Better in person than the picture. Good quality. <end>  .925 Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal 20" Necklace  I love the necklace. It is everything I thought it would be. The only drawback is the clasp. It has come loose every time I have worn it. I will have to look into changing it. Other than that, it is beautiful. <end>  Beautiful necklace.  This is a beautiful necklace and I also bought the earrings and bracelet to match. They were gifts for my daughter (who doesn't really like to wear things around her neck, she tells me). She loves the bracelet and earrings....I love the necklace, but had to return it - I wear yellow gold and had nothing to go with it. <end>  You will love it  I gifted it to my wife birthday with the set of Earring and bracelet, she loves it. And lot of people appriciated the looks. There is no doubt this is Swarovski. Buy with confidence you will love it. <end>  Another great necklace  This was the fourth piece of Swarovski jewelry bought for my wife. All have been beautiful and are loved. This is a great item to start or add to a collection of Swarovski Crystal jewelry. You can't go wrong with this necklace or vendor. <end>  Horrible quality!  My husband bought a set of this jwelry for my birthday in June and I loved it! But today I found the silver chain turns into totally BLACK! I only weared them twice for my birthay and my friend's wedding and I kept them in their little boxes very well! Only two month they become so ugly! I am very upset and I never see any jwelry has such bad quality! The whole set costs us more than hundred dollars! Feel very very BAD! <end>
 B000F8LYHA  Disney Princess Cinderella Musical jewelry box w/ Necklace & earrings ||	  well liked by all little girls  I bought this for my 15 month old daughter after she saw it at her 3 year old cousins house. It has proven to be a favorite item with all the little girls who have come to our house. It did come with small jewelry that was inappropriate for a 15 month old so I simply took out the small jewelry and replaced it will a couple large plastic bangles. She loves the lights, music as well as simply opening and closing the lid over and over and storing her bracelets inside. When we first got it, it was a bit hard to open because the latch would catch. However, after a little pulling and realigning it has worked flawlessly ever since. <end>
 B000F8Y6RK  Pittsburgh Pirates SporTagz  MLB Dog Tag ||	  Great value!  My husband is a soldier in the Army and when he's not working he's not suppose to wear his dog tags and so I bought him this to help him feel like he's still wearing dog tags and he loves it! He's been a Pirates fan for almost his entire life so me being able to buy him this for the low price, was amazing! It's a great value and it's lasted a long time! <end>
 B000F95934  Love in Chinese, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  Not worth the money  I was very disappointed with this purchase. The actual item does not look as good as the photograph. It was definitely not worth the money spent for it and was very "cheap" looking. I'm sorry I wasted my money. I will not purchase from this vendor again. <end>
 B000F97AQI  Southwestern Native American Style Running Wolf Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15, #11108 ||	  The Wolves /ring  The rings were even nicer than appeared in the site. The tourquiose is well set and the wolves have a good "shape" to them. Was very pleased with my purchase. These are to be used as wedding bands and make very nice ones. <end>  running wolf sterling silver ring with turquoise wolves  This ring was nice quality for the money. The running wolves little smaller than I had pictured them. The ring itself is nicely cut and polished. The running wolves are accented in turquoise and detailed nicely. This ring looks sturdy enough to be worn everyday with casual attire. Ring runs small tho should have ordered a larger size fits rather tightly on my finger. Would make a nice gift for anyone who loves wolves or native american style of jewelry. Very versatile for any woman or man who wants a unique looking ring. <end>  An Eye Catcher  This ring is very special. I bought it for my husband and many people have noticed and commented on its beauty. It is such a lovely and shiny silver and the turquoise wolves make a beautiful contrast. This is a unique ring and it is interesting because of the Native American component,being that it is a story-telling ring. <end>  Great Crafstmanship  This is a great ring....and the service and delivery are first rate. I would definitely recommend this ring and Taos Trading Company to those who are looking for quality products. The staff there are great and very helpful. I will be a repeat customer. <end>  Excellent and considerate service  I got a quick response when I inquired about when a size 7 would again be available. The sales person even E-mailed me when it came in and offered to hold one for me. I also love the ring! <end>  ring  I bought this ring for my husband and it was too small for his finger so now I have one and my husband has one. he does like it a lot. <end>  wonderful ring  As an avid wolf lover this ring is perfect for me. Has a beautiful turquios inlay that is well done and as a whole has a low profile. The ring is about 1/8" thick and pretty durable. <end>  Ring  This ring is so awesome! I highly recommend this. I love wolves and it's just so beautiful. The ring sizes are not what you normally wear. This one I got bigger because I thought it would be smaller like another one I ordered but they both ended up being the opposite so just be careful when ordering the size. Luckily both fit on a finger or I would have been in trouble  -/ <end>  Lovely ring  I bought this ring for a personal significance. It's beautiful, shiny, and the little turquoise wolves are cute, nicely shaped, and pretty as well.Someone in an earlier review said that the rings run a little small. Well I didn't have that problem. I got my ring and it fits perfectly!The only downside of this ring is that I've found it turns my finger green - which means the metal contains copper. Not a big deal, but I like when my rings don't turn my fingers weird colors.Overall  5 of 5 stars for a beautiful piece of jewelry that is a work of art!Follow up  12.25.10  The ring stopped turning my finger green once I wore it for a while. So it doesn't not do that anymore. <end>  Rather disappointed  I used part of a gift card to purchase this ring. The card was a gift for my 75th birthday. It is an attractive ring, but not worth the price. It looks as if it could be purchased at a flea market for 10.00 tops. The advertising picture was better than the item. (First time this has ever happened, right???) Just sorry I used my gift money, but unfortunately, "you learn by doing.". <end>
 B000F99ETE  Southwestern Style Bear and Bear Paw Design Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, Size 10, #11115 ||	  It is a pretty ring and worth more than it sold for.  This ring arrived really quickly. It is a beautiful ring and could have easily sold for more. My husband really liked it. It was a little loose but not too bad. For the money, a high quality ring. <end>  Great value. Out standing customer service.  This ring is beautiful and well made, it is worth the price and more. I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price. What is better is the customer service was outstanding. In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review. But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too. <end>  Bear Ring  this ring is beautiful and just what I was looking for. My son's highschool mascot is a bear and this ring is perfect for him. <end>
 B000F9JGII  Amazon.com  J36, Genuine Gold Plated with Multicolor Rhinestone and Sparkling Crystals Choker Necklace Earrings for Women and Teens  Clothing ||	  BEAUTIFUL JEWELRY  I ordered this necklace in hopes it would be half as nice as it looked on the pc. It was even more so! It is well made good silver, and beads. I simply love it! I want to thank the seller and the creator of this set. It is more than expected!! <end>
 B000F9LCMQ  Mens Titanium Black Celtic Iron Cross Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  Great piece of jewelry.  I bought this ring for my husband and we both adore it. After awhile the black started coming off, but we like it even more without now! We love this ring and it is such a great value. I don't have to worry about his metal allergies either with this one! <end>  Nice looking but...  I ordered this ring about 4 months ago. I like the styling and it's very comfortable to wear but about two month after owning this ring the black inside the crosses started to peal. I only have about four complete crosses let. Detracts from the initial beauty of the ring. <end>  Mixed  Well, the ring is great! Looks really good and it is really strong which is why I bought the titanium. The only bad thing is that the paint is already chipping off after 1 month. Other than that this ring is wonderful! Great gift idea! <end>
 B000F9M1R6  Goldstone Chandelier Earrings ||	  Classy and Lovely  These earrings are very nice. They're not cheap looking -- something I despise in jewelry. They are a bit heavy, but there's a lot of earring there, so I'm not really surprised. I would recommend. <end>
 B000F9WCLQ  14K Yellow Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond Butterfly Earrings ||	  Butterfly Earrings  My wife and I were married in the butterfly garden at Brookfield Zoo on the 4th of July, I work a lot, so she decided that she wanted to pick a day for our anniversery that she knew for sure that I could spend the day with her,I looked at a lot of earrings, trying to find the perfect ones, and I did, absolutely beautiful,and much cheaper than many of less quality,trust me you can't go wrong with these earrings stunning! <end>
 B000F9Y77S  14K Yellow Gold 0.14 ct. Diamond and 1/3 ct. Ruby Wedding Band ||	  Great Ring, Happy Customer  Received this ring 2 days ago and can't stop looking at it. The ring is very solid, the stones are well set, the diamonds have lots of sparkle and the ruby gems have good color considering their small size; not pale at all. You certainly can't go wrong with this ring! The ring is on the small side; a 6 1/2.Katarina Jewelers conduct themselves very professionally. We conversed by phone and by email prior to my purchase, and they shipped my order by overnight delivery. I will definitely buy from them again. <end>  A little disappointed  I ordered this ring and received it the next day, which was fantastic. Katarina was also great about responding to my pre-purchase question through email, so thus far, I have had a great experience with the company.However, I was disappointed with this ring. Granted, it is inexpensive, but the colors are very different from what is shown on this picture. The gold was a different color than my (also new) yellow-gold engagement ring which was much more expensive. More importantly, the rubies are not at all like the picture here. When pictured here, they are red and lustrous, but in reality they are quite pink-purple and pale and they certainly do not enhance my ruby engagement ring, where the ruby is a true red. The diamonds look fine. I would also say that I wear a 6 1/2 ring and this came in a 7 and fits exactly the same, so they may run a little small.I'll probably keep it for now, but my fiancee and I have already discussed purchasing a new wedding band for me later in life when we have more money. It's a nice ring, but if you are trying to match rubies, be aware. <end>
 B000FA14I2  Glass Beads Orange Necklace "Half Full" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Beautiful and Striking Necklace  Received the green one as a gift and absolutely loved it. Since then I have bought all the colors and matching bracelets.Glass Beads Green Bracelet "Half Full" -Fair Trade GiftsGlass Beads Blue Bracelet "Half Full" -Mother's Day Gifts <end>
 B000FA8NPY  Forzieri Crystals Swarovski Crystal and Sterling Silver Tennis Bracelet ||	  Swarovski bracelet  My wife loves it. Well made and really sparkles. Very nice gift box. Had to tighten the latch to make it secure, but overall a great item <end>  Clasp very poorly made  Bracelet is very pretty and does sparkle nicely, however the clasp barely holds at all. It holds so poorly that it fell off my girlfriend's wrist the first night she had it and was lost. If you do purchase this item, reclasp it before wearing it. <end>  amir  the bracelet is beautiful, it's a bit sensitive though...It breaks easily...we broke it once, but Forzieri changed it for free...the customer service was good... <end>  not very good, don't buy or you will regret  it doesn't worth $98! don't buy it. or you have to pay return fees and insurance fees when you return it.And it is very hard to return. After they received the item that you returned, they ignore your request for refund. <end>  Sparkly Bling!  This sparkles and catches the light so beautifully! I know a previous reviewer said there was a problem with the clasp but I am thinking it's been improved since that was written as I had no problem. The bracelet has a double safety clasp (clip on either side) which means both would have to fail PLUS the release button would have to fail in order for the bracelet to fall off. I'm really happy I had this on my wish list and my hubbie spotted it! <end>
 B000FA9GJ6  Titanium 6mm Plain Wedding Band, Size 9 ||	  Nice, simple ring  I wanted a simple wedding ring, and this product fits the bill. I would have given it 5 stars, but the actual color is more like stainless steel and not the silver it appears to be in the picture. The ring is very smooth inside and out and is comfortable to wear. The outer surface is gently rounded, so it has more of a profile that a completely flat ring, but it's not obtrusive. Some scratches are already visible after 2 days of wear, but that's to be expected. At least I know it's not going to get bent out of shape! <end>
 B000FB49T2  Cufflinks, 'Turtle Smile' 0.9" W 1.1" L ||	  Review of Cufflinks...  These cufflinks are beautiful and very well made - we are very pleased! <end>
 B000FB6WKG  Peridot and citrine Y necklace, 'Forest Butterfly' ||	  Beyond gorgeous!  Novica brings us another fabulous artist, as this necklace is beyond gorgeous. If you look closely at the picture you'll see the butterfly bends slightly down from the coil collar. This detail makes the necklace arch beautifully over the base of the throat rather than laying completely flat...it is difficult to explain other than to say the necklace "sticks up" a bit at the throat, giving it an elegant, 3D effect. I love the mixed colors of all the stones, and though the silver-work appears fragile, it is quite sturdy. The coil collar is covered in super-sparkly brown glass beads (coils are great as you don't have to mess with clasps, yet they remain firmly in place). The stones of the butterfly are smooth and give more of a subtle sheen. It is both a delicate piece and a knock-out piece at the same time. LOVE it! <end>
 B000FBBJEK  Jet Black and Silver-Tone Large Wirework Webbed Dreamcatcher Style Leaf and Ladybug Hook Earrings ||	  Very nice.  These, though not quite my style, were bought as a gift and were absolutely loved. Very nice. <end>
 B000FBK464  14K White Gold 1/2 ct. Diamond Men's Wedding Band (Higher Quality) ||	  Couldn't be happier!!!  I ordered this ring on 01-31-2010 for my wedding on 02-02-2010. It said OUT OF STOCK and shipment to be expected by the 18 of february. In a panic, on 02-11-2010, I called Katrina's to see if they were in stock. A very kind man answered...I told him it was for my wedding on the 21st and I was nervous it wouldn't get here on time..He was compassionate to my needs and made a note on my account as to my situation and then reassured me it would arrive in time. Sure enough..3 days later I received it! WOW...what a beautiful ring! My husband was surprised and expected I paid $900 for it....excellent quality, beautiful packaging, surpassed all my expectations...and fears of buying on-line! Thanks Katrina's! <end>  Really nice ring for the value. I wanted something shiny for myself not just white gold. And this really does it.  This ring is really great and person who sold this is Katarina's in New York. And it's something that's better than simple white gold ring most people might settle with. Why should girls have all the fun? <end>
 B000FBRRSM  Fleur De Lis, 14K Gold Diamond Charm ||	  Beautiful  This charm is very beautiful! A bit pricey, or else I would of given it five stars. But it's well worth keeping. <end>
 B000FBSB5K  2.00 Carat Canary Yellow And 2.00 Ct. T.W. White Cz Ring. Size 7 ||	  Pretty ring - fun to wear!  Received this for mother's day...nothing easier for hubby than circling the items I like in the Ross Simons catalog. This ring is very pretty on, just like the picture. Fits well, and tons of sparkle. There is a great deal of wow factor for this ring, I've had lots of comments on it. I like it overall very well, at least until the lotto comes in and I can afford the real deal! <end>
 B000FBSB5U  2.00 Carat Canary Yellow And 2.00 Ct. T.W. White Cz Ring. Size 9 ||	  Pretty ring - fun to wear!  Received this for mother's day...nothing easier for hubby than circling the items I like in the Ross Simons catalog. This ring is very pretty on, just like the picture. Fits well, and tons of sparkle. There is a great deal of wow factor for this ring, I've had lots of comments on it. I like it overall very well, at least until the lotto comes in and I can afford the real deal! <end>
 B000FCDFJ6  Sterling Silver Cube Shape Rare Color Crystal and Rondelle Beads 8mm x 19mm Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Oh well  I also have the earrings to match, however the pendant is peeling which is not very attractive... <end>  Cube block  I would have liked this much better if the silver coating had not been on two sides of the crystal cubes. You have to make sure it doesn't turn on your neck and the crystals are hidden behind the silver coating. It was okay not what I expected though. <end>  it's nice looking pendant  my girlfriend loved it. I have my doubts about the swarovski crystals but it's a nice pendant anyway. has some weight to it so make sure you have a decent chain or necklace. a bit on the small size though (maybe an inch) <end>  Not sure what happened.  My wife added this to her wish list when the description said it was an urn charm. Ordered it for her from her wish list and now it doesn't say anything about it being an urn charm. She likes it but was expecting something else. <end>  This is not Cremation Jewelry  This item is listed on Amazon under Cremation Jewelry unfortunately it is not. When I went back and read the description of the pendant there is not a claim that it is Cremation jewelry which leads me to believe it is just incorrectly categorized. It is very pretty so I chose to keep it and I have gotten a lot of compliments. <end>  CHEAP ITEM BROKE within 4.5 months time...  Item purchased on July 10, 2012, by November 28, 2012 it had broken...GEM AVENUE will NOT honor cheap quality product...DO NOT BUY from GEM AVENUE as they are more interested in the money; NOT the customer... <end>  What? How?  The crematory crystal I bought is absolutely beautiful. Only problem is, they didn't include any instructions about how to open it to put the ashes in. I'm still trying. <end>  A Charming Surprise  This is a beautiful crystal pendant. I am happy I bought itI have added this attractive Swarovski Crystal SterlingSilver Pendant to my charm bracelet. The crystals sparklein the light. I have received many compliments about thispendant. <end>  Beautiful crystal  Pendant was a beautiful surprise when I opened the box-even more gorgeous than the photo. Shipping was very prompt by Amazon. I purchased the matching earrings and I get many compliments when I wear the set. I would highly recommend this set for a gift or yourself. <end>  pretty in a small package  This really is a pretty pendant. The first one I ordered came damaged but Gem Avenue stood behind their product and replaced it quickly. I wish it were a little bigger, but the crystals really make it stand out. <end>  Better than pictured!  This pendant is BEAUTIFUL! The picture doesn't do it justice at all! It's an piece of jewelry that you will be proud to wear! <end>  One of my Favorites  The pendant is one of my favorite everyday pendants to wear. It works well with casual and business casual outfits and adds a little "bling" to upgrade an outfit. <end>  Crystal pendant  Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. I haven't worn this or the earrings but will soon. Love all the colors when in the light and am sure I will get many compliments when others see them. The pendant and earrings are so different, almost antique looking and I think the quality is well worth the price. Thanks for capturing the light on the website as that is what interested me in the first place. I'll be back for more... <end>  Wow Times 5  wanted to let anyone who is thinking of ordering this piece of Jewerly.. it is very beautiful.. full of fire and looks better then the pic. and the pic looks great.. Have had so many people ask me where I got this.. loved it so much I went back and ordered three more as gifts... <end>  Sparkle Pendant  I bought the Swarovski pendant as a gift for my sister. The pendant looks better than on the picture. My sister likes it and she enjoys it a lot. <end>  Crystal Charm  The crystal charm was a great mothers day gift - beautiful & unique! <end>
 B000FCHE2K  Sterling Silver Cube Shape Yellow Crystal and Rondelle Beads 8mm x 19mm Pendant Charm Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  ladies pendant  looked better in the picture, was not overly impressed. could not give it as a present as i intended. <end>
 B000FDKGB0  Loving Family&reg Small Sterling Silver Pendant with Extender - Mother and 2 Children ||	  It was FABULOUS!  I bought this for my best friend who had just had her second child, by choice, on her own. It is very difficult to find items that honor women who choose to have families on their own and when I saw this, I was pleased. Upon receiving the item, on time, I was equally impressed with the simple elgance and beauty of the pendant. <end>
 B000FE99LM  Barbie 12 Dancing Princesses Musical Keeper Box ||	  A Little Disappointing  Cute idea, but the poor quality music component realy was a disappointment. My daughter is such a fan of the 12 Dancing Princesses movie that I was sure this would be an ideal gift. She can't wind it up by herself, the music sounds cheap and off-key, and the little doll broke off the first time she touched it. <end>
 B000FENGV6  Carved Butterfly Mother of Pearl Pendant w. Lavender Pearl Chain ||	  Nice Item, bought for a gift.  This is a nice item. I bought it for a Christmas gift. The shipping was prompt. I am sure the person I bought it for will like it. <end>  A mother pleaser  My mother is often difficult to please--she usually will buy everything for herself or drop the most subtle hints that I usually don't pick up on things that she is interested in. Well I recently learned that my mother loves butterflies, as do I, and I wanted a unique necklace--something special to amplify her interest and the symbolism behind it all. This was a gift for Mother's Day and she absolutely loved it and receives compliments about it all the time and I am glad that I was able to find something that pleased her and isn't a run of the mill gift. Just made it all the more special. Thank You. <end>
 B000FF3VA6  Grand Piano Laser Italian Charm ||	  Pretty good but not great  This little charm was perfectly what I needed for a gift. One issue is that it seems a little different than the others we have. After it is connected it sticks out a little more than the rest like it won't slide all they way back. Had a little issue getting it connected to the rest of the links and may have caused this ourselves though. It's not noticeable unless you really stare at it. <end>
 B000FFRZY4  Happy Mother's Day Laser Italian Charm ||	  High-quality charm  This charm is excellent quality. The words are clearly written and not smudged like some charms, and the rose is a nice touch as well. <end>
 B000FGEWRG  Crystal Art Large Box Assortment ||	  Great Art Project  My girls, ages 7 and 12, both really enjoy all the Crystal Art sets. The carousel is especially beautiful once completed. I highly recommend the Crystal Art sets. <end>
 B000FGKCJ8  Sterling Silver Half Ball Stud Earrings w/ Diamond Cut Swirl Design, 5/16 inch ||	  Great everyday earrings  These are great everyday earrings, with a little more detail than plain ball studs. The cut design catches the light and makes them look much more expensive than they are! <end>  Very pretty for the price  The earring is very pretty and intricate. An awesome value for the price ) <end>  Absolutely lovely  These earrings are beautiful. The swirl design is beautiful and gives them character and sparkle, and the half ball design appeals to me because they lie flat against my earlobes and so they don't look like a pair of little basketballs, a look which I don't particularly like. These earrings are beautiful, the perfect size, and I highly recommend them to all of you who like silver jewelry and stud earrings. You will not be disappointed. They are gorgeous! <end>
 B000FGTSFW  Floral Design Handcrafted Wooden Box ||	  Terrible Quality  I was quite excited when I received my box in the mail yesterday. However when I opened the package my excitement quickly faded. The quality of the box is very poor. The floral design was just a stencil carved in with what looks like leather working tools. The curves around the flower petals and vines are horribly done and left sharp points instead of rounded. The wood looks nice on the outside however this is only due to the stain color that was applied. The floral pattern does a bad job of covering up the notches and holes in the wood on the outside. On the inside of the box there are flimsy wood pieces of another type on the bottom to cover the nasty holes of the wood. They are attached to each side of the box with two small dabs of wood glue that quickly came undone after a few times being opened and closed. Now every time I open the box I have to slide these "disguising" wood pieces back into their place. The size of the box is a little smaller than I had anticipated. The only thing that really pleased me about the box is that hinges were attached to the lid and bottom, although the nails stick out from being hammered in crooked. If you are looking for a nice box for jewelry, small keepsakes, or what have you I suggest looking elsewhere. Spend your money on a better quality product. <end>  Its not what I expected  When I read the dimensions of the box in the details I thought it would fit my deck of tarot cards. But the inner dimensions are MUCH smaller. My tarot cards dont fit at all. There is also a chip in the front engraving. The craftsmanship is not what I was hoping for. But it looks like a sturdy little box and I'm going to keep it. There was a strange smell when I opened the package. It smells like the stain they used on the wood, nothing disgusting. I wouldn't recommend this. I'm going to have to look for something else for my tarot cards. <end>  lovely design  Very beautiful design love it. My son loved it the workmanship is very detailed and it looks better than the picture. <end>  perfect case!  love the case and it fits my cards perfectly  )) def a good buy and a good gift  ))  )) <end>  Would not recommend, yucky.  The box arrived w/what looked like mold/water damage all along the exterior. It also smelled unpleasant. Being that it was a Christmas gift I had no time to return it, so I sanded it down & cleaned it up. It was usable after a fair amount of reconstructive effort. Beyond that it is a pretty box & a tight but perfect fit for the standard set of tarot cards. <end>  INCREDIBLE BOX  All I can say is "WOW!" Couldn't believe my eyes when I say this box. I got this EXACT beautifully carved wooden box back in 1970............yes, 1970!............FORTY-TWO YEARS AGO!!!........and it still is just as functional and as wonderful as the day I received it. If this fact doesn't sell you on buying the box, nothing will. <end>  Box is Beautiful !!! DOES NOT STINK  I purchased this box also , and the comment that some one wrote that says it smelled so bad that it made them sick, is a false statement. These boxes are beautiful.perhaps something happened to his box at his house?They are perfect for a set of tarot cards, and they are build very strong. <end>
 B000FGTTZQ  Dance Point Shoe Charm ||	  Won't work with Pandora  Bought to fit on a pandora bracelet. Too small for that. Otherwise it is a nice charm. <end>
 B000FGU09K  MLB New York Yankees White Hooded Baby Towel ||	  Thin, but absorbent  Basic baby's towel. Very soft and absorbent but quite thin. My husband is hoping our child grows up a Yankees fan, so we're starting early.  -) <end>  great size towel for a baby  my son is 6 months old and this towel has been the perfect size since birth. NOT a whimpy, thin, small baby towel at all. It'll probably last until he is about a year old. Then, it might be too small. <end>
 B000FGVK1W  Sterling Silver Soccer Ball Charm ||	  Shipping 6.95  They sent me this charm on a post card at teh cost of .80 and charged 6.895, when their add stated .90...rip off chrm is just ok <end>
 B000FH0N1Y  Sheepdog Dog Breed Canine Collection Italian Charm 18k Gold by Casa D'Oro ||	  Lovely Old English Sheepdog Head  This charm is a fine rendering of a lovely Old English Sheepdog head. I am very pleased with the quality of this charm. <end>
 B000FH3XYI  Jack Russell Terrier Dog Breed Canine Collection Italian Charm 18k Gold by Casa D'Oro ||	  Great Product  I saw this item featured on [...]with other great pieces of Jack Russell jewelry. This item is great. The picture doesn't give it justice. I bought one for my wife because of our JRT trixie and she loved it. This is a quality piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000FH70A6  FUN Summer Fruit Enameled Charm Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Surprising Quality & Cute  I have had compliments on this bracelet. It is very retro-looking. It looks like it costs many times what it did.Usually these stretch bracelets reveal the elastic btw the beads becauseof my larger wrists, but this one fit very well. I am very happy with it. <end>
 B000FH70AG  Silver-Tone Good Luck Elephant Charm Stretch Bracelet ||	  Excellent Value for the Money  The silvertone stretchy elephant charm bracelet is as cute as can be. You can't go wrong with its one-size-fits-all appeal. It looks like it costs more than it did. Charms and charm bracelets are hot right now so any elephant lover would be happy to get it. I bought more than one and sold them to fellow elephant lovers for a nice profit. <end>
 B000FH8TUQ  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings, 'Leaves in the Wind' ||	  Eye catchers!  These earings are so gorgeous. They are an absolute eye catcher for men and women. They are very light weight and can be worn for day or evening. They can be worn with casual or dressy outfits. I am very happy with them. One gets lots of compliments wearing them. <end>
 B000FH90L8  CZ WEDDING RINGS - Cubic Zirconia Engagement and Wedding Ring Set ||	  Beautiful Ring  This ring is very beautiful and I loved it. The setting was perfect and had the look and feel of a true diamond ring even though it was cubic zirconia. The return instructions were excellent as I needed to return item due to size. If this product was available I would reorder immediately. I had an opportunity to speak to the company on the phone and they were extremely helpful, courteous and accommodating even though I was returning the product. I would recommend using this company and look forward to doing business with them again. <end>
 B000FH9914  Pugster Amethyst Cross Sterling Silver Gift Jewelry Fashion Ring ||	  Beautiful ring!  I get lots of compliments on this ring. The design is gorgeous and the stone color is a true amethyst. <end>
 B000FH9950  Pugster Size 6 Blue Dot Mother Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Pearl Bracelet Fashion ||	  Beautiful ring!  I appreciated the obviously fine quality of this ring, the affordability of it, and the speed at which it was delivered. Thanks! <end>
 B000FH99A0  Pugster Size 9 Citrine & Cz Flower Gift Sterling Silver Jewelry Ring Fashion ||	  an ok product  I honestly expected something a little bigger. The flower does look pretty but it is hard to see since it not big, Also, the thickess of the ring is not exactly what I expected <end>
 B000FHAMO2  Pugster Diva Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  very small  Product was much smaller than I thought it would be. My niece was still happy to receive it. <end>
 B000FHD97E  I Love My Sons Laser Italian Charm ||	  Love my Sons  This is exactly as it appears. Nice addition to a Christmas present for my sister in law. I know she will love it as well. <end>
 B000FI2EZQ  Classic Turquoise Party Chandelier Earrings - Sequined ||	  Flashy, but cute  These earrings are cute, but very flashy. I gave them to my sister and she made jokes about them being good for a bellydancer. They're "exotic-looking" like that. <end>  Earring Review  These earrings were a bit bigger than I estimated from the picture, but I still love them! <end>
 B000FI2F00  Cool Lime Summer Dangle Earrings ||	  Fun earrings  These earrings are unique and just plain fun. Interesting colors that surprisingly match a lot of outfits. <end>
 B000FI42PG  Midnight Temptations Sequined/Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Not bad  Admittedly, it is a nice looking bracelet which certainly goes with many outfits. It is very small and some of you with larger wrists may not be able to fit it on. It is stretchy, yes; but it can only withstand so much.I wear mine frequently and the sequins have come off EVERYWHERE. They are all over my floor and I wake up with them sticking to various parts of my body.But this can likely be avoided if you don't wear it constantly, including in the shower, like I do.It's good for the price. <end>  a nice little stretch  I am very pleased with this contemporary looking stretch bracelet...It is a great bargain, wears well with any attire...casual or dressy. It lays nicely against the skin and is so lightweight you have to look at your wrist to remember you are wearing it at all. <end>
 B000FI5GHY  Emeral Green Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  a good stretch  This bargain bracelet works well with casual or semi casual wear...it's snug and virtually 'weightless'...easy to travel with and adds a bit of pizazz to a any solid colored blouse or sweater. <end>
 B000FI5LEM  Two-tone Braided Collar Necklace - Green ||	  SUPRISINGLY WELL MADE  I have to give these necklaces 5 stars. I bought it in all three colors ~ blue, green and amber ( I'd call it brown ). They look just like the pics. For $5 I really don't expect much and am rarely disappointed !! I was really quite pleasantly surprised at the workpersonship (is that a word?).They are cute and fun and $5 ! What's not to love ?? <end>
 B000FIC1AE  Rottweiler Laser Italian Charm ||	  Rottie charm!  I love Rottweilers, so this charm is perfect! Very good detail, easy to see. I'm very happy with this charm, and would recommend to anyone who loves Rotties! <end>
 B000FIDURC  I Heart Sewing Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  i love sewing charm  lovey charm and just what i wanted for xmas. item shipped very neatly and very fast. i was very happy with charm to add to my collection, this is an ideal charm for anyone that loves to sew........................ <end>
 B000FIDUVI  I Heart the Beach Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  Cute!  I love this cute little charm, and bought a few different designs from the same seller, Clearly Charming -) <end>
 B000FIDWMU  Solid 14kt Yellow Gold Clear Cz Triangle With Round Gem Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Cheap over priced junk  This claims to be 14kt but the belly ring turns copper colored inside the bellyring hole. It also causes soreness and other issues. <end>
 B000FIFPRK  I Heart My Dogs Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  awesome charm  Ordered a few charms and was totally pleased with all of them. They exceeded my expectations and I think they will the person they are intended for. Also very fast delivery!!! <end>
 B000FIFQCY  In Memory of My Dog Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  a gift for our daughter  We recently lost a pet and i thought this would be a great way for our youngest daughter who took the loss of Katie our loving rat terrier the hardest . she loves it <end>
 B000FIG0QU  Rembrandt Charms Heart with Arrow Charm ||	  small but very pretty  I JUST RECEIVED THIS THE OTHER DAY AN ALREADY I'M LOVING IT.JUST ORDERED 2 MORE CHARMS CAN'T WAIT TO GET THOSE. I LOVE REMBRANDT CHARMS.CHARMING IN VA. <end>
 B000FIG0ZQ  Rembrandt Charms Diaper Charm ||	  Rembrandt diaper charm  Charms by Rembrandt are high quality. The diaper charm is just too cute! I bought this for my daughter who just had her 4th child and its one of the cutest baby charms that I have purchased. <end>
 B000FIJADK  Solid 14kt Yellow Gold Jeweled Hollow Heart Dangle Belly Ring ||	  flimsy...fell apart in less than two weeks  Initially I thought it looked okay. The heart dangle was not solid as I had hoped. I had to constantly flip it around to face the right way. 10 days later the heart fell off completely, the link had completely disintegrated. Don't waste your money on this!! You get what you pay for, I guess... <end>
 B000FIK2J6  Rembrandt Charms Mount Saint Helens Charm ||	  great quality  This is a beautiful charm and the weight and quality are very good. As most rembrandt charms, it exceeded my expectations. I would recommend them for most any charm. <end>
 B000FIK4S0  Rembrandt Charms Ocean Liner Charm ||	  nice charm but very small  Before I ordered this charm. I should have got my measuring tape out. The charm is nice but it is very small. I planned to wear it on a chain. You can barely see it on a chain. I would like it a lot more if it were bigger or if I had a charm bracelet. Maybe now I need to get a charm braclet. <end>
 B000FIK5GG  Rembrandt Charms Dental Assistant Charm ||	  Dental Assistant Charm by Rembrandt Charms  I was very pleased with this charm. I bought it for my daughter as she graduated from Dental Assisting College. The charm is a little thinner than I expected and I would have liked it in 18k gold. But she loves it and it impressed all her fellow grads.Delivery was amazingly fast and efficient. <end>  perfect!  I gave this to my daughter when she graduated from Dental Assisting school. She loved it! It was a little thin and small but the craftmanship was nice. <end>
 B000FIK7DC  Rembrandt Charms Infinity Charm ||	  Pretty, but...  Its a nice charm. I bought this for my girl because we have matching tattoos of the symbol, however this charm was not meant for a Pandora bracelet, so if you are thinking of getting one for that reason, save your money. Looks good though. <end>  Love it  I have gotten so many compliments about this Infinity Sign, well first they ask me what it is because many have never seen it but then I tell them and they think it's a very lovely pendant. <end>  charm was perfect  I would definitely buy other items from this vendor. It was exactly what I wanted. <end>
 B000FIK9MG  Rembrandt Charms Texas Charm ||	  great first charm  The charm was very detailed and beautiful. My only concern was I wished it would have come with a box. I had to search for a box small enough for the size. <end>
 B000FIKAXY  Rembrandt Charms I Love You Charm ||	  Immediate hit  I got this for my mother for Christmas for her charm bracelet. She loves it and can't wait to put it on her bracelet. <end>
 B000FIKDUO  Rembrandt Charms Sweet 16 Charm ||	  Sweet 16  I was having a difficult time finding a charm that was not, well, basically . . . ugly. And here it is. This charm is well constructed, is a nice size, has a good thickness to it, has an attractive design and the price is reasonable. All the other charms I came across were just not worth looking through. This one is perfect. <end>
 B000FIN5R2  I Heart Soccer Red Heart Laser Italian Charm ||	  I love Soccer Charm  MY daughter will love this charm. She is a soccer freak......The writing is large enough to read and the heart is nice and bright and big to see it. <end>
 B000FIO0YE  Rembrandt Charms Best Friends Charm ||	  great price. just as advertised.  bought this for a necklace i made for my best friend's birthday  ) very cute, looks just like the picture. not sure if it's real silver... but for the price, i'm not complaining!! <end>
 B000FIO1B6  Rembrandt Charms Claddagh Charm ||	  this claddagh..  I ordered this because I needed something like this for the charm bracelet I purchased recently. The quality of this silver charm was good. But, it was a little pricy and filmsy. Maybe the half of the original price would be fair for this. <end>  happy with claddagh charm  We are happy with the charm ordered. It arrived in good time and is as anticipated. <end>
 B000FIO3AA  Rembrandt Charms Drum Sticks Charm ||	  Very happy with my transaction!!!  I was very pleased with this transaction. It arrived in a timely manner and was just what I had expected. Am recommending this vendor to all. <end>  Poor quality  Gave this to my son for Christmas. The loop was open when I received it. I closed it back up before I wrapped it. I bought a nice chain for it, and sure enough the 2nd week he wore it, it fell off and disappeared. <end>
 B000FIO3OG  Rembrandt Charms Cougar Charm ||	  Very nice!  I ordered this charm for my Twilight bracelet. While the description says "cougar" I thought it would be a nice representation of a Mountain Lion which is, as we all know, Edward Cullen's favorite vegetarian vampire meal (spoiler alert) and Bella's first vampire meal. The sizing is perfect with all of the charms I ordered from "Runs with Vampires". This is a lovely addition to my Twilight charm bracelet. <end>
 B000FIO468  Rembrandt Charms Snake Charm ||	  Awesome charm!  I love this charm! I'm a reptile lover (you can tell by my nickname) so this was an absolute must-have for my charm bracelet. Very good quality, good price too! Looking forward to ordering more charms from this line in the future! <end>
 B000FIO62K  Rembrandt Charms Carousel Charm ||	  charm chaser  I labored over the price of this charm for months.... decided to purchase as my part of my Disney collection (wonderland carousel). In truth, there is not a image in the world that could do thid charm justice! Beyond spectacular - even mmy cousins think this one is my best (my collection is close to 100 high quality charms). I would purchase another one without hesitation. <end>
 B000FIO83M  Rembrandt Charms Kokopelli Charm ||	  good sized charm  I wanted something for a necklace I wear with other charms. It looks just like the image on the site. I purchased this because I just didnt want to spend the money on the gold charm. Im happy with it, the finish is great and looks good with the other charms. <end>
 B000FIO8DM  Rembrandt Charms French Horn Charm ||	  Beautiful charm  This is a lovely charm; the photo can't do it justice. It's three-dimensional, and the amount of detail is amazing. This will be a wonderful birthday gift for my French-horn-playing daughter. <end>
 B000FIOB0M  Rembrandt Charms Skull Charm ||	  Beautiful charm  Exactly as I pictured it. The charm is small enough to fit on a zipper. It is well made and has a nice weight to it. Just what I wanted. <end>  great product  wish the link to attach it to the bracelet was also made of sterling silver, b/c the jeweler wanted $20 to put on a sterling silver link so he could weld it closed. otherwise an excellent product <end>
 B000FIOB7A  Rembrandt Charms Cruise Ship Charm ||	  Love it!  I love this charm. I cruise a lot so it's exactly what I wanted. <end>
 B000FIOBKM  Rembrandt Charms I Love You Charm ||	  I Love You charm  I purchased this charm for my wife for Christmas. We have been married for 47 years and it brought tears to her eyes. She added it to her charm bracelet immediately. <end>
 B000FIOCG0  Rembrandt Charms Fleur de lis Charm ||	  Cheap cheap cheap  Sorry, but I am not impressed by this Rembrandt fleur de lis charm. Yes, it is sterling, yes, it is a good size for a charm bracelet, but it is hollow-backed, and there is no excuse for this not being solid (at least flatbacked) for the price. It is going back. Keep looking, folks, fleur de lis charms are hard to find, at least solid ones or ones that are the same front to back (as in 3-D), even in New Orleans. <end>
 B000FIOCLU  Rembrandt Charms Praying Hands Charm ||	  I prayed it would be a nice charm  I was impressed with the woven texture background. It accents the praying hands nicely. The charm is about the size of a nickel. The sterling silver did not let me down. I plan to get the real one next! I wear it on a chain with a sterling silver cross. They look great together. <end>
 B000FIOMK6  Sterling Silver Urn Pendant, Ash Container ||	  love it  love this. never had to glue it as another customer mentioned. and it is a bit hard to fill but as long as i got some ashes in i was glad!!! <end>  Good but  Well let me start out bye saying the product is good. It does indeed do what its supposed to do the problem is the actually filling of it. I myself found it extremely hard to do because of the opening design but i managed to get it. All in all the product is worth buying... as long as you have the patience to fill it for whatever you hold dear to your heart, whatever it may be. <end>  urn pendant  This is a nice pendant. Slightly larger than some I have seen, but yet tastefully done. I did not glue it the first time I filled it, & my father "came out" at my job! I learned then to glue it, & enjoy wearing him around my neck, close to mt heart. <end>  Really Nice  The opening is pretty small. Which was a little frustrating considering what its for. If you are dealing with cremaded remains its not like what you think meaning the "ashes" being like ashes. Its more like really little stones or grit. Anyhow I was able to put a few peices in the with a smail picture that I rolled up extra tight. It was nice. I wore for a while but now it just hangs where I see it alot. It does tarnish. <end>  Urn Pendant  This pendant is most beautiful! Mine in particular holds a tiny bit of my late husband's ashes. I know this would not please everyone but he goes everywhere with me. <end>  It is okay  I bought this for my grandaughter to put some of my mom's ashes. The opening hole is very small and difficult to place the ashes. <end>  gets a lot of compliments  so far so good  ) my mom is using it for my grandmoms ashes and its fantastic. i have the angel wings and i love them but it is turning a bit. <end>  Pretty little urn  I ordered this for my daughter so she could keep a bit of her father's ashes close to her heart. It was, as noted before, hard to fill due to the small opening, but she loves the size and quality. She received it very quickly, and exactly as advertised! Oh, please do glue the top after filling. <end>
 B000FIOVAW  Rembrandt Charms Bell Charm ||	  Exactly as described, great merchant!!  Charms (I also bought a maple leaf) are exactly as shown and described, only more beautiful in person. Bell charm has real clapper and fine engraving that enhances the whole piece.This was Christmas shopping made easy. Discounted shipping for multiple item purchase. Parcel arrived well protected and more quickly that estimated.I will purchase for this merchant again with confidence. <end>
 B000FIPFM0  Rembrandt Charms Minivan Charm ||	  Mommy van  This looks just like my first mommy van and thats why I bought it. To remind me of those first big buys all in the name of family. Quality craftsmanship. <end>
 B000FIPG7O  Rembrandt Charms Bermuda Triangle Charm ||	  Bermuda sterling silver charm  I am putting together a charm bracelet of all of the places that my husband and I have traveled. We were married in Bermuda this past May, so needless to say I love this charm! <end>
 B000FIPGG0  Rembrandt Charms Horse Charm ||	  A Gift for my little sister  I purchased this adorable horse charm as a gift for my six year old sister for Christmas. She just adores horses. She rides every week and speakks to you about horses like an adult woman. Her eyes just sparkled after she got through all the wrapping and ribbon to get to the gift inside. She wears it everyday and even named the horse (lol). Thank you so much for helping make my baby sisters Christmas so special. This was my firsst purchase from this seller and also my first on Amazon.com. It was super smooth and easy. Thank you again...Justina C. <end>  Horse charm is charming  Very cute charm - perfect for my granddaughter's charm bracelet. Shipping was timely with no problems. <end>
 B000FIPGPG  Rembrandt Charms Butterfly Charm ||	  small but pretty  This charm was smaller than I thought it would be, but is still very pretty. I am giving it to my neice's daughter for her silver charm bracelet. <end>
 B000FIPJNK  Rembrandt Charms Flute Charm ||	  Completely amazing  The flute charm is so detailed and is of very high quality. You can see all the keys, any flute fan would adore having this item. <end>  DISAPPOINTED.  I was disappointed with the quality of this product the minute I opened the envelope. This is actually the first time I've ever been unhappy with a product that I have ordered from an Amazon vendor. I based my decision to buy this product on the photos made available during my search and I feel that the actual charm looks very little like the photo used. The charm itself looks cheap and scarcely resembles the photo. I'm not convinced that it is sterling silver. It also failed to include a clasp to connect it to the sterling silver charm bracelet that I bought from a different Amazon vendor. (Btw...I am very happy with the bracelet itself.) I paid more than $25 for this product and I feel that the quality is worth about half that. This is the first Amazon vendor that has let me down. <end>  Not So Great  I think for the price, this charm is not good. There is a big seam down the middle of the charm and the ring isn't even soldered together so I think it will not hold on a necklace. I will still give it to my daughter, but I would not purchase again. I expect that she will lose it before too long. <end>  Loved this charm  This is the second one of these my daughter has had. She had the first one for several years and then lost it. She was very excited to get a new one. She wears it all the time. Great gift for any girl who plays flute. <end>
 B000FIPPW0  Rembrandt Charms Eiffel Tower Charm ||	  Another winner by Rembrandt Charms!  Once again,Iam very satisfied with this one.Very fast delivery,arrived in good conition and it's really beautiful.What I really like about this seller is having the choise of various materials(gold,sterling silver etc),so you can choose what you can afford.A little bigger size would be great but you can't have everything! <end>  Very pretty  I bought this as a gift and was very happy when it came. It was exactly what I was looking for and was very shiny! <end>  Beautiful Charm  Rembrandt makes lovely charms. This Eiffel Tower charm is rich in detail and shines like fine silver. It makes a soft "ping" when it swings against the other charms on my bracelet. It arrived quickly with no bends, dings or dents. I definetly recommend this charm to all Francophiles. <end>
 B000FIPQRY  Rembrandt Charms Buffalo Charm ||	  Love it!  I received my buffalo charm today, and I am extremely satisfied with it. The detail is wonderful. Although smaller than I thought, it's just what I've been looking for! <end>
 B000FIPRFA  Rembrandt Charms Fish Charm ||	  so bad  this is to samll for the price i was hoping to see something bigger thisis why i put three star <end>
 B000FIPRT6  Rembrandt Charms Mitt with Pearl Charm ||	  Darling charm!  Purchased this for a charm bracelet I'm building for my niece who plays competition softball. It is dainty, but high quality, and the pearl is just so pretty and feminine! Perfect for girls who play ball! <end>
 B000FIQMHM  Clearly Charming May Emerald Color Butterfly Birthstone Insect Animal Italian Charm ||	  charm  Am only collecting these for the butterfly theme I am going for . Love the color though . yada yada <end>  Not exactly as pictured  This charm is pretty clips onto other charms well but it is not emerald green it's a bright grass green. I still like the charm but was disappointed it wasn't a dark emerald green <end>
 B000FIRB3G  Rembrandt Charms Mustard Seeds Charm ||	  Amazing  High polished and larger than I expected it to. My sister loves it and the message of mustard seeds. Definitely would recommend for purchase. Plus comes with a lifetime guarantee. <end>
 B000FIRCD0  Rembrandt Charms Whistle Charm ||	  Quality of Vendor and Product - Gold Whistle #6050  I ordered this very recently and was amazed that I was able to find it on Amazon! It saved me the anguish of calling around to stores to see if they had it in stock, as it is an unusual item.The gold whistle is gorgeous and the detail completely accurate. It was shipped very quickly and I received it in no time. Precious Accents communicated all the details of the order, shipping, etc.They should become one of Amazon's best sellers. <end>
 B000FIRCOO  Rembrandt Charms Star of David Charm ||	  Cute!  Super adorable, made for babies but it was adorable for me. I'm 20 and it's not too flashy it's just right. <end>
 B000FIRD2U  Rembrandt Charms Clarinet Charm ||	  Not as expected...  Had to return because silver content could not be verified and James Avery refused to add it to one of their bracelets. Refund was slow, but was at last completed. <end>
 B000FIRETM  Rembrandt Charms Nassau Charm ||	  Beautiful Silver Charm  The charm I order was just as shown. It came quickly and was perfect. Would recommend this seller. <end>
 B000FIRHTE  Rembrandt Charms Butterfly Charm ||	  If you like butterflies, this is a great one  This butterfly is a large charm, that is beautiful, wide, and detailed. It is a really nice charm for a butterfly. <end>
 B000FIRI1G  Rembrandt Charms Book Charm ||	  Very good for what is costs  Got to me pretty quickly and there were no unpleasant surprises. looks exactly like the picture! <end>  gold charm  I found the gold charm was everything that was advertised about it. My only concern was it was a little big for my granddaughter's bracelet but as she is only six she will eventually be wearing larger charms <end>
 B000FIRM12  Rembrandt Charms Wishbone Charm ||	  beautiful necklace  I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this necklace!!! It is beautiful and well made (it is a little flimsy so don't let anyone "try to make a wish" with it!!) I saw this necklace worn by MANY celebrities and I fell in love with it!! I wear it everyday and people compliment it a lot. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is very fragile and it could have been made just a little sturdier. But otherwise it is the perfect charm!! <end>  LOVE  I love this charm! I always wear it! I've had it for 2 years and I hardly take it off, and it still looks GREAT. WONDERFUL value! <end>  Love the pendant  This was purchased by my husband and is exactly as it was described on line. The only thing is they list it as a charm, but I'm using it as a pendant due to our first Thanksgiving and what took place all around the wishbone. It was delivered very quickly and wrapped appropriately. It has not tarnished and still looks good even after my wearing it almost daily. <end>  Hard to find Wishbone Charm!  I looked in every available jewelry store in my area. I started searching at Christmas time and finally found exactly what I was looking for here. Good quality, quick shipment and affordable price. This was a gift for my daughter and she loves it! <end>  Hopeful  Really nice wishbone charm. I added to a charm bracelet I have and it looks great. I wear it with a heart shaped necklace. You should give it a try! <end>
 B000FIRM2G  Rembrandt Charms Sailboat Charm ||	  Nice sailboat charm!  I was pleased with the sailboat charm the I ordered for my daughter for Christmas. Purchased a necklace and she loved it! Nice quality...in fact we are buying another one because my daughter wanted her sailing partner to have one too! <end>  Very nice charm  My wife had wanted a sailboat charm for her birthday, and I ended up getting this one from Amazon. She absolutely loves it, and is very happy with the quality of the charm. It is just the right size she was looking for, and is nice and solid. It also shipped out very quick. <end>
 B000FIRMKS  Rembrandt Charms Bagpipes Charm ||	  Beautiful charm  Great product, great service and beautiful charm. Can wear on chamilia bangle or necklace. Would recommend as a memorable piece from a trip to Scotland. <end>
 B000FIRNSY  Rembrandt Charms Baby Shoes Charm ||	  Pretty Little Gem  My Dad, who has been gone now for 5 years, started a tradition of buying charms for my Mom to mark major life events. When he passed I took on that tradition and with the help if this seller have been able to build her bracelet into a cherished family heirloom.Gorgeous little charm, great price, well made. Thank you for helping to preserve these memories. <end>
 B000FIRSSE  Rembrandt Charms Yin Yang Charm ||	  yin yang charm  Very happy with this purchase, nice,clean and simple very nice finish in the silver version and a nice size for everyday wearing <end>
 B000FIRX4S  Rembrandt Charms Texas Charm ||	  Texas cowboy boot charm  Thank you very much for the charm - my sister is delighted with it! <end>
 B000FISKCC  Clearly Charming July Ruby Color Butterfly Birthstone Insect Animal Italian Charm ||	  Good gift  We didn't see it in person, but this was a good gift for our eight year old niece. She loved it! <end>  Great gift!  This item, and all of the charms I purchased from Clearly Charming, is great. Very colorful, high quality, and my mom loved it for Christmas. Thanks! <end>
 B000FIT12K  Rembrandt Charms Good Luck Charm ||	  Perfect good luck charm  The weight, size and look of this charm is just right. It is the perfect good luck charm, so pretty. <end>  Great Quality  And a good price. Always a great transaction. I love my bracelet & charms - will be back for more! <end>
 B000FIZA16  January Birthstone, Natural Garnet 1 1/4 Carat (6mm) Size Princess Cut Square Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Garnet Stud Earrings  The earrings are just stunning. I usually am aprehensive ordering any sort of stud earrings without seeing them in person. When I received the earrings I was so impressed and happy that I did in fact order them. The quality and craftmanship of the earrings are just outstanding. <end>
 B000FIZA1G  August Birthstone, Natural Peridot 1 1/4 Carat (6mm) Size Princess Cut Square Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Cheap, awful earrings and hideous customer service!  The earrings are dollar-bin quality, and one of them had a big black fleck in it. Despite the fact that this was their fault, Sabrina Silver did not refund the cost of returning the earrings to them (they did refund the purchase price and original shipping.) Now they have increased the price from $8.95 to $17.95? Ridiculous. Save your time and money. <end>  Present for mom  I LOVE these earrings. They are really pretty and go with several outfits. They are so delicate and elegant looking! <end>
 B000FJ2IJ2  August Birthstone, Natural Peridot 3/4 Carat (5mm) Size Princess Cut Square Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Great product and service  Ordered product and it was beautiful. The service was great and product arrive as promised on time. <end>  As promised  I ordered a pair of peridot earrings. They arrived very promptly and were just as described. Very nice, very good service. <end>  peridot studs  These Peridot earrings are beautiful and are exactly as described. The service was excellent and deliver of the item was extremely fast. Thank you Sabrina Silver. <end>
 B000FJ4BP6  August Birthstone, Natural Peridot 1/4 Carat (4mm) Size Brilliant Cut Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver Basket Setting ||	  Nice color  Very pretty earrings. I deducted a star because the backs can become loose during the day. I almost lost one from the back coming off. <end>
 B000FJ57K4  Silver-Tone Charm Bracelet with Prayer Box Etched Verse ||	  Beautiful bracelet!!  This was better then what I thought it would be... very nice, fast shipping. <end>
 B000FJ60PK  Stunning, Giant Genuine Citrine Cocktail Ring Emerald Cut ||	  It's not the yellow rose of Texas.  I enjoy wearing this ring. It is a pale yellow citrine. I expected a more brilliant yellow or a deeper yellow...but I do enjoy it. It being so pale, it picks up other hues when it feels like it. For the money I paid, it should be a bright sparkling deeper yellow. <end>
 B000FJN9A4  St. Louis Cardinals MLB Cell Phone Dangle Charm ProCharms ||	  Not so Happy!  This item is perfect for any girly cardinal fan but honestly it is junk! All my rhinestones fell out within 3 days! It was not worth the cost! It is cute for a day or 2 but after that, once the rhinestones fall out, it looks rusted from the holes. Dont buy this item! I was very upset and it was not worth my money! <end>
 B000FJP1PK  Silver Toned Celtic Rosary Bracelet w/Green Glass Engraved Shamrock Beads ||	  perfect bridesmaids gift!  We are having a St. Patrick's themed wedding reception and since I am getting married in a Catholic church I wanted to give my bridesmaids a rosary bracelet. I found this and it combined the two ideas perfectly. Even thoug it cost $7.95 the quality is very nice and looks like it could have cost more. A perfect gift! <end>  bracelet  The bracelet was beautiful and arrived before the scheduled date. My daughter loved it when I gave it to her. <end>
 B000FK9KKQ  Sterling Silver Swirl Reddish Pink Resin Flat Band size 7 ||	  Swirly Dark Pink Ring  The ring is elegant, I love it. Sizing is right. It's made so it (so far) doesn't catch on knits and loosely woven fabrics. It was a little pricier than I wanted, but ultimately worth it. <end>  Beauty and comfort  This ring is as beautiful as the image indicates, and is very comfortable to wear--you hardly realize it's on your finger. Highly recommended...great value for the price. <end>  LOVE IT!  I bought 4 of these rings. My aunt was diagnosed with breast cancer, and I bought one for me, one for my mom, one for my cousin, and one for my aunt. Now all of our friends want one too! They are beautiful and we wear them everyday! <end>  Stunning  I bought this as a gift for a friends birthday and she loved it. It's a beautifull ring. <end>
 B000FL06T4  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring, 3/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Couldn't be more pleased  I've had my ring for about a year now and I love it. I didn't realize until I received it that the pattern creates X's and O's, as in "hugs and kisses". Since I bought it as a wedding band, that realization made it just that much better. I like it so much, I'm buying a second one to accommodate seasonal changes in my ring size. <end>  false advertising  my husband and I ordered this ring for our wedding bands. I can only wear sterling silver because of skin sensitivity...this ring IS NOT STERLING SILVER. My finger turned green after wearing it for only a few hours. there was no "925" stamp on the ring either like they said.I'm very disappointed. <end>
 B000FL06TY  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot Wedding Band / Thumb Ring, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Looks nice, bends easily  Got the ring very fast, in like 2 days. It looks pretty good. The knot doesn't go completely around the ring, theres a small section where it's solid but it's no big deal. I'd say the only negative is that it bends very easily, so i would recommend not putting any kind of pressure on the ring if you can help it. <end>  Love It!  I love the way the ring isn't exactly even all the way around. It makes it unique! My only problem is that their idea of a size 8 is a little bigger than mine but it makes an excellent thumb ring. <end>
 B000FL06W6  Sterling Silver Floral Vine Ring 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  PERFECT!  I love this ring! I've had it for about a year and I wear it almost every day. One time it got smashed in my backpack and it was pretty much never to be used again. But then my dad shaped it back in shape and I'm surprised how well it still looks. Even with the little skinny ness in the sides they held on. Very good! I've also gotten many compliments on this ring. <end>  LOVE the detailed flower-and-vine design on this ring!!  I highly recommend this design - the picture does not do the intricate detail of this ring justice; looks SOOO much better in person! Nice medium size for any finger, too.  ) <end>  very pleased  I'm very happy with this ring. It's so hard to find half sizes, and this fits great! It's very sturdy too. I'm really happy with this ring! <end>  One of my most-worn rings!  My wife purchased this ring on my account. Here is her review This ring is exactly as pictured. Very comfortable. Goes with everything. I bought it to fit my middle finger and love how it fits next to other rings. Lightweight, but sturdy construction. Even with heavy use it is still in it's original shape. Never turned my finger any weird colors, which has been a problem in the past. <end>  have worn several months  I bought this ring for myself last spring. Since then I have worn it continuously ever since. It looks just as nice as the picture, and has held up well. Other than very minor scuffs on the band it looks just like it did out of the box, and I have received many compliments on it. Oh, yes, and my order did come in well packaged and quickly. I've lost weight and need a smaller ring now, and I will be shopping with this company again. <end>  Good Value  Although this ring was a bit wider on the finger than I was expecting (my bad, not theirs), it has a very pretty, delicate feel. It is a bit thin, but for under 8 bucks I can wear it everyday and toss it when it wears through! A Note  cut ribbon to the width of the ring you are interested in and sample it on your finger! <end>
 B000FL072U  Sterling Silver Moons & Stars Band Ring, sizes 6 - 10 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Fun Little Gift  This ring was purchased as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. It is comfortable and a great value for the price. If you are wanting a cute but inexpensive ring this is the perfect choice. I only wish I had ordered one for myself! I also ordered other rings from this seller and I have been satisfied with all but one of their products, however for the price I can't complain much and would not even consider any type of refund or trade. I would absolutely order from them again. <end>
 B000FL1E22  Sterling Silver I LOVE YOU Wedding Band Ring 1/4 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Was the perfect gift  Great little addtional anniversary gift for my great wife. Simple, cute but meaningful little ring. I Loved the price too. <end>
 B000FL1E2M  Sterling Silver Floral Vine Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  One of my favorite rings that I own!  I love rings and have worn them continuously for years. I got this ring for myself just over a year ago and have worn it pretty much daily since then. The detailing on the ring looks exactly like the picture and fits me perfectly. Of all the rings I wear, this one gets the most compliments. As said by the other reviewer, the ring is a bit more raised than I anticipated. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  The ring is raised slighty more than I expected from the picture, but not so much that I'm not comfortable with it. The band is thick and well made. It's a really comfortable wear- it fits perfectly. A quality ring; I work with my hands, but I think it will last me for quite a while. Well worth the price! <end>
 B000FL1E72  Sterling Silver Large Sunflower Ring 5/8 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Great purchase  I work for the sunflower industry so this ring was a perfect fit in more ways than one. It's a beautiful ring with great detail. It has a substantial band that's sturdy, but yet not too heavy. Great purchase! <end>  Cute little ring  I was pleasantly surprised at the detail and quality of this ring - especially for the price. It looks great with my other sterling and white gold. <end>
 B000FL1E9K  Sterling Silver Elephant Link Wedding Band Ring 7/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  I love this! Sooo shiny!  I just received this ring in the mail today, and oh my gosh, I love it so much! Its stamped 925 in the inside even though its kinda hard to read but its there! Its shiny and it looks SO cute! I absolutely love it! Would definitely recommend this! <end>  Awesome  One of my favorite rings ever. I was nervous about ordering a ring online but this was perfect. sizing and everything. <end>  elephant band ring  its really nice. it looks even nicer when its in front of you than the picture <end>
 B000FL1EB8  Sterling Silver Pegasus Link Ring 3/8 wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Nice ring  Nice ring for the price. I did have to do some alteration on the ring though. The wings are very sharp and pointy and jabbed into my finger. So I took some tweezers and bent the tops out just a little bit, then I took an emery board and filed the wings down, making them have blunt edges instead of sharp edges.All the alterations did not effect the look or fit of the ring at all, just the comfort level.I would recommend this product, just be aware you might have to do some adjusting yourself. <end>
 B000FL1FN0  Sterling Silver Dome Wedding Band Ring 5/16 inch wide, sizes 5 - 13 ||	  Cool ring  I love this ring but i noticed that it has started turning a rust color. not like rust on the side of a car like a tarnished look. not sure if that is from washing my hands with it on. <end>
 B000FL2C0A  Signature Cubic Zirconia Hoop ||	  Beautiful and look of REAL diamonds!  I love these earrings! They are a nice size to wear everyday, or to dress up out to dinner. The cubic zirconias are shimmery and the overall quality is wonderful. They could definitely pass for the real thing! The price is unbeatable, and shipping from Beall's was fast. I recommend these earrings to everyone! <end>  Very pretty earrings  Love these earrings!! I actually lost one of them and am thinking about getting another pair. The only problem that I did have with these was that they fit kind of tight on my ears but I was able to adjust them. Closest look to real. <end>
 B000FL3GNC  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Pattern Wedding Band / Thumb Ring 1/4 inch wide, sizes 5 - 10 ||	  Quality Service  Shipping was fast, ring fit perfect, came in safe packaging, buyer was easy to contact. Product arrived fast. Nice ring and made of of good quality genuine silver. <end>
 B000FL3GYG  Sterling Silver Polished Frog Link Ring 5/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Great Ring  I Love this ring! I have now had it for awhile and it still looks great. It's not obvious that it's frogs... It's a great ring, I'm so happy I found it and purchased it! <end>
 B000FL4BAY  JJ Weston yellow gold plated cufflinks and shirt stud set with enamel and crystal accents with presentation box. Made in the U.S.A ||	  Studs and cufflinks  The product came on time and looked as it did in the product description and the pictures. I wore them and they looked nice with my tux.As things would happen, a friend of mine saw the same item (not similar) on another website for $20.00 less. But that's the way it goes sometimes. <end>
 B000FL4G9U  Diamond Accented Cross Pendant in 10K Yellow Gold ||	  Lovely  This is a lovely cross necklace. The service from Fred Meyer Jewelers was VERY fast. Good value for the money. I would buy from them again. <end>
 B000FL50R2  Sterling Silver Bali Style Ring 3/8 wide, sizes 6 - 10, 5/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Ring  Lovely design. I have to wear this a some more to determine the quality becuase the color seemed unreal. I had to polish it on the first day. <end>
 B000FLIAY2  2mm Rubber cord necklace with sterling silver Crimp Type findings ||	  Great  I was at first scared when it said rubber, thinking it wouldn't flex at all; it really does flex, like a jelly bracelet and the 20'' was perfect for getting my pendants noticed. <end>  Great Necklace!  You can not beat this necklace for the price and durability. I feel confident wearing any pendant with this necklace and would most certainly purchase another one if needed or just to have a spare. <end>
 B000FLTIZM  Sterling Silver Mother-of-Pearl Heart Locket, 18" ||	  Figured out how to put in the photo  I ordered this for my mom's birthday. The necklace looks just like it does in the picture. At first I was annoyed with how to put in a picture which is why gave the product a 4, I have however figured out how to do it. Basically cut out a picture in the shape of the heart's interior and slide it under the top part of the heart ( the downward point \/ ) hope that make sense. Practice with a piece of paper first. <end>  Great product  I can't figure out why others found inserting the picture into the locket so difficult. There is a piece of plastic inside of it that you need to pop out with a pin or something, (try at the point of the heart where there is a small gap). You can then insert your picture (the plastic piece makes a good pattern to trace on your photo) and pop the plastic piece back in on top of it. Once you have the plastic out, you should be able to see what I mean. Good luck! The locket is exactly as advertised. <end>  It's ok...  Considering the price, this is a pretty good find. The only real complaints I have are that it's much smaller than the picture would have you believe and that it's very difficult to open without damaging. If you plan on keeping pictures in it, make sure you have them in the smallest size available, and be careful when openeing it. <end>  Nice  I Bought This One For My Girl On Valentines Day. She Liked It, The Only Problem Is Getting A Picture In There....It Has Three Gaps On The Outer-Edges Inside The Heart, But That Isn't Much Help....Nonetheless, It's A Good Buy If Your 'Creative'. <end>  Looks like a piece of jewlery for a child  It is very small and the mother-of-pearl inlay looks extremely cheap. This is the last time I buy jewelry online. <end>  Just ok  The chain on this was very weak, it broke the same day I got it. After putting the locket on another chain I was pleased with it, but I shouldn't have had to do that so I gave it a low score. <end>  Not the quality I paid for  This locket is pretty but the chain is of poor quality and appearance, given the price tag of $40. <end>  Very Beautiful  It is hard to open and close but it is so beautiful. It goes perfectly with my girlfriend's complexion. We are both so happy I found this locket. <end>  Gail's review  Was suppose to be a present to granddaughter. Was not what was expected. Returned <end>  Wife liked it  This is another last minute addition to a set of presents for my wife. It was inexpensive and after putting a couple of pics in it, she loved it. It's a good "Awwwww" gift. <end>  Heart locket  I just received the necklace today, I bought it as a valentines gift for my girlfriend and I'm sure she'll love it. I've read many reviews on this and it seems people are having troubles putting a picture in. It's actually quite simple, Use a needle to pop out the plastic covering, trace the covering over the picture you want to use, cut out the picture, put the picture in, put the covering in, tadah! Other people seemed to have issues with opening the locket, again, it's not hard at all, just insert your finger nails in the seam and pull apart. Asides from all that the locket is actually really nice looking. The only problem I seem to have is the silver seems to scratch easily. Other than that great product! <end>  Mostly happy  Beautiful piece but as others experienced I could not figure out how to put the picture in the locket so I simply used some glue to paste the picture. Has a small scuff on the back of the locket. <end>  Beautiful, but can't figure out how to get a picture in!!??  The necklace is beautiful, but there are no directions/instructions about how to get a picture into the locket. Very frustrating! To make things worse, I contacted Amazon, and they could not tell me any additional information. I find it strange that they do not know simple information about a product they sell. The necklace is beautiful (4 stars), but since it does not do what it is supposed to, and because of Amazon's poor service, I would change my vote to 1 star. <end>  junk  This thing was a complete piece of junk that broke when I first opened it. The best part is there was trouble with the payment with my gift card and I never got my money back after I sent it back. Thanks for nothing. By the way, you owe me roughly $45, thanks. <end>
 B000FLU9YG  3 Diamond Anniversary Ring 1/4 ct. in 14K White Gold with Blue Center Diamond ||	  Ring  Great ring but the color doesn't really look blue in person it is more of a green blue more on the green side, kinda bugged me but I cant return an anniversary gift <end>
 B000FLVIAA  14k Yellow Gold and Pink Tourmaline Children's Heart Earrings ||	  pretty but not durable  Bought these for my 8 year old for Christmas. She loved them but they are cheap & bent at the front bottom part of heart causing her hair to snagged in them. Very disappointing. <end>  Too small  I returned these as they were not what I expected. They were entirely too small. <end>
 B000FLVIBO  Sterling Silver Sculpted Oval Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful pendant  This pendant is an eye catcher. I have received compliments each time I have worn this. <end>
 B000FLXTRU  .08ctw Round Diamond & Pink Sapphire 3-Stone 14k White Gold Ring (I1, H-I), Size 7 ||	  Gorgeous!  AMAZING ring! Looks much better than the picture! Just heed my advice and do not use DHL. They have messed up so many deliveries amongst my family and friends. They even messed up the shipment of this ring; it was shipped 2 day air and I received it about 5 days later. Go with UPS or FedEx, their drivers have more sense. Other than the shipping, I was so thrilled with this purchase! <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring is absolutely gorgeous - much prettier than the picture. I went to Kay Jewelers and they have the same ring for $500.00! This ring is well worth the money! <end>
 B000FNALLA  Blue Nighttide Star Dangle Earrings ||	  beatiful earrings  these earrings are very pretty, my daughter will love them. the customer service department was very helpful <end>
 B000FNAQ9M  Phiten Classic Titanium Necklace ||	  AMAZIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!1  this product totally is amazin. i highly recommend this product to all athletes. i would give it a 10 out of 10. it is totally worth the low price!!! <end>  Necklace  The only problem I had was that the picture is of the "Sport" necklace, but got the standard style. However, shipping was quick and the item arrived brand new. <end>  Doesn't work  I wore this necklace several times and now realize that I wasted my money. I can't even tell the necklace even has any titanium ... there is no magnetic field. If you want true titanium (no clothe cover)and that does seem to work ... stay way from the 'cloth' covered ones since you can't verify what is underneath unless to disassemble to necklace. I would not recommend this to anyone. <end>  Great necklace  A great necklace, but these are overpriced. I wear it all the time & never take it off. Great color choices! <end>  my grandson loves this  All the little boys are wearing these and I wanted my grandson to have one..ordered this at good price and he was pleased with it..will be ordering him more of different colors! <end>  Just Right  Thanks, this product was just what I was looking for. My daughter really liked it <end>  Looks neat, priced right but useless.  I admit it I knew better. Just because all the multi-millionaires playing baseball wear these certainly doesn't prove they have any medicinal value. However if you want to wear one to look cool this is a pretty good price. For us bigger folks this one comes larger than most. <end>  as promised on time  necklace purchased for a 10 year old. he loves it. and he paid for it, he loved the price. <end>  Phiten Necklace  It is a nice necklace, not sure if it is helping as it was advertised. <end>  pleased, but not sold  I wear the necklace regularly, but mostly for it's looks. I have not really felt the physical effects that the glossy material claims, however, I didn't really expect anything dramatic, and it was not the reason why I bought it. Overall I am pleased, and would recommend it to anyone that isn't looking for it to relieve stress or make their life make more sense! <end>  Sizing of the 18 inch variation  It is 45 CM (17.7 inches), counting the clasp. Actual length when around your neck hovers at 17 inches.If that helps you with determining what size is for you, then I am glad to be of some help.Made out of comfortable material and I see no structural weaknesses.I didn't buy it for whatever hocus pocus it is trying to sell itself on, I just liked the style. <end>  This didn't make any difference  I thought this product was going to make a visible and evident difference in my performance (I play tennis). It did nothing for me. <end>  Great Buy!  Just as advertised and still in the original package half the price of the local sport shop! Shipped quickly! What a bargain! <end>  Fits just right  Unless you are a little guy I recommend the 22'' version of this. It isn't a choker and as far as it working... I really can't say. <end>  junk  After 2 days it broke. I contacted phiten and they told me since I didn't buy it from them I'm screwed. I was able to fix and improve it I like it. Just poor craftmanship <end>  Works fine  The product seems to be fine... I do notice a slight decrease in soreness while wearing this product. The only complaint I have as of right now is that the necklace is a bit stiff and wont lie flat around my neck. Tends to try and keep its oval shape. This may wear off in time. Great delivery time also. <end>  Very nice  I ordered this over night so it came fast. I love it. It fits perfect, seems to be good quality. I hope it helps with my aches, if not at least it looks good. <end>  In good condition, as promised...  The necklace was received in good condition, and appeared to be new. I gave it to my friend as a gift, and she was terribly excited. <end>  phiten titanium necklace  very happy with product and seller, item arrived when promised and in excellent condition...been wearing necklace for over a week now and seem to help.all in all, i would recommend this product and seller <end>  Worked out nicely for a gift.  My son gave it as a requested present. It worked out great. We have already gone back and purchased another for my youngest son as well, just a different color. <end>  I can't believe it but it really seems to work!  I bought this titanium necklace just to try one more alternative treatment for my joint pains and was really pleasantly surprised. It seems to be actually helping. I take tons of supplements and use magnets as well as the Q-ray ring/bracelet but this is the first item that seemed to immediately help decrease the pain in my joints. I'll have to see how it fairs as time goes by but if constantly wearing a rather ugly necklace is the price to pay, so be it. I can't say it'll help everyone who tries it but it definitely seems to be relieving my joint pains. Yehhhhh.....something that REALLY works!! <end>  These are great!  I had back pain for about a year. After seeing these necklaces being worn by a ton of Major League Baseball players I decided to give one of these a try. Next thing I knew, my back pain was gone. Coincidence? Maybe. But, when I forget to put it back on after a shower I sometimes feel pain again. These are very light weight and comfortable. Highly recommended. <end>  Fewer Aches and Pains  I am a chronic sufferer of back and neck pain. An accident several years ago left me with a fractured vertebrae and more pain than I know how to deal with. I watch a lot of baseball on TV and saw a lot of players wearing this and decided to give it a try. This product(along with a weekly workout regimen) has helped me deal with and exceed my own standards of pain tolerance. I don't know whether it's a mind-over-matter type of experience, but at this point, I don't really care. If you deal with aches and pains similar to these, I would definitely give this a try. <end>  it really works !!!  I've had gout for over 12 years and I constantly get flare ups on my right ankle. At times when my flare up was not as severe, i often would have minor ankle swells lasting all day. With a number of supplements taken such as black cherry fruit extract pills, glucosamine, NSAID's, and even acupuncture, i constanly had a slight swollen ankle that bothered me each day, especially in the evenings. Since watching the baseball players use it, I began reviewing the benefits of using this bracelet and heard from the BB players that it was helping them ease pain. I immediately thought of buying one for my dad since he always complained about his neck and how much it bothered him. Mind you that he is a welder who constantly shifts his welding hood downward with the use of his neck..figured that was the main reason why his neck hurt all the time. I bought this necklace and gave it to him and told him that the bracelet should help reduce is neck pain. Very kindly, my father acknowledged my statement as he placed it on his neck. Surprisingly, my dad called me two days later and said..."son, i couldn't wait to call you to tell you that the my neck pain is gone!!, and you are right! this thing helped my neck pain!" I was very glad to hear that...now here is my story. I got in Amazon and purchased one for me with the crazy idea of placing it on my ankle where my swelling occurs. My ankle measured 11 inches in diamater so i purchased the 22 inch phiten black bracelet. The day of arrival I opened the package and tied it on my ankle..perfect fit once double looped. Folks or readers..my swelling has gown down and my ankle pain went away!!!! Really...I can't believe that this bracelet served its purpose. Unbelievable! Now i can get up in the morning and not feel any pain in my foot. My evenings are much better than they every have been. i feel more energized throughout the day and feel great at night.I still take my cherry fruit extract pills, B complex, and Glucosomine supplements to help eliminate my uric acid in my body. i also take a teaspoon of baking soda to help neutralize the acid in the blood(kidney specialist referral).for those of you who have any joint pain, i suggest you try this bracelet and place it on the trouble areas. Of course it's impossible to find one long enough to fit around your waist, for those who have waist problems, but having one on your ankle, neck, and wrist will certainly help balance those energies overall.this is my story and felt it is worth sharingto those who are thinking whether or not this product works. I would gladly here anyone's testimonials about this bracelet. It truly works !!! <end>  Daily Relief  We wear these necklaces daily to aid with the wear & tear of daily work -- They help tremendously to ease any soreness and/or pain -- Highly recommend this product!!! <end>  It Works!  This Product really works, it helped relieve pain i have had for months and this is the only thing that has kept the pain away. Awesome product, i totally recommend this product to anyone with pain that doesnt go away with meds. <end>  Works for my shoulder  I've been wearing it for 3 weeks now. I have sciatic due to a herniated disc. I was hoping this will relieve pain. I guess it's not that powerful to wear it on the neck to get rid of the pain in my low back. I also got the bracelet which really works for my wrist, elbo and shoulder. Well, it's probably the combination of the necklace and bracelet that make them feel pretty much pain free. They are painful because I am a Programmer and work on the computer all day.I would say this product works. I may be buying the waist belt that is not sold here. <end>  Great product.  Got this for my husband, and he just loves it! Wears it every day. Helps prevent him from getting his headaches... <end>  Alternative Pain Relief  Both my husband and I use these to relieve our neck & shoulders of the pain from herniated discs. We wear them daily, and they do take the edge off. We have been using them for over two years now. <end>  Helps with pain from drumming  I'm a drummer who does a lot of session work and driving around to gigs who deals with chronic back and neck pain. I've been through chiro treatment and use all sorts of inversion tables, back rests, and braces to help deal with the pain of muscle stress and tension in my back and neck. Sometimes this pain spreads to my ribs and other areas so my pain simply comes from tense muscles, no disc compressions or anything like that. After buying this at a local sport shop and putting it on, I got into my car and slouched down into my seat (something I don't usually do because of the pain in my lower back) and drove to where I needed to be, not even realizing that my pain had went away. After wearing this necklace for a few days, I have stopped taking muscles relaxers at night, and I noticed while waking up I don't feel any tension. Usually waking up in the morning I feel the most tension but haven't had a problem for the past week. This morning while getting ready for work I was having some pain in my left ankle, and it was popping. I never have ankle pain and it never pops (must have tweaked it). Therefore, I took my necklace off and wrapped it around my ankle. 5 minutes later the pain was gone. I'm not sure how this product works, although I'm a firm believer in the bodies natural healing process. If this IS indeed placebo effect working, then what is the big issue? People should understand that placebo effect is a natural and very important process that can occur in our body. Western medicine spends time trying to get medication to work apart from the placebo effect, which is dangerous and a waste of time. I feel this product really does work and suggest it to anyone who wants to help themselves overcome pain with their body's natural healing process. Stop listening to other people's criticism and see if this product works for you. Your mind plays a bigger role in the success of this product than you think. That is all.... <end>  Nice necklace.  I don't know who the hell thinks this works, but it doesn't. Nice necklace though. I haven't stopped wearing it just because I don't have any other necklace to wear. <end>  Perfect Gift for 12 y/o Grandson  Our grandson wanted a Phiten necklace for his 12th birthday ... this was a last-minute purchase but it arrived even quicker than expected so it was here in time for his birthday. Sometimes it is hard to impress a tween ... this gift was warmly received and is worn every day. Now a younger grandchild is putting this item on her Christmas wish list. <end>  Not happy... Whatsoever.  Very, very, very dissatisfied with this order... NOT the correct size. NOT the item pictured. Not the item titled. Says 18", but it came as 22". I have a small neck... However, it shipped/arrived extremely quickly. ONLY good thing about ordering this item. I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $4.99 from another seller on Amazon. Stole $10 from me. <end>  Atleast it looks cool!  Well, I got what I ordered. Does it work for me? No. Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose. If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym. I promise that will work better than some gimmick. <end>  It works!  I thought that was bunk and I laughed when my husband bought, especially since I'm the one that has had chronic back and neck pain for the last 3 years - 2 of the years of consistent chiropractic work at least 3 times a week. We recently moved and things improved drastically with only the occasional neck pain, I'm assuming from less stress, then this morning I woke up with a killer headache and could barely move my head from the stiffness and pain in my neck. I took my husbands necklace and laid in bed, after dozing off for an hour I woke up and things were 90% better. I then cracked my neck and we were at 98% I took the necklace off long enough to take a shower and by the time I got out my neck was locking up again so I put it on for the remainder of the day until my husband got home. I'm ordering mine asap, it was enough to convince me - although I *hate* the look, clashes with all my clothing except my running stuff. Based on another persons review, I am eager to try it on my ankle, I too have a bad ankle from a severe sprain a few years ago - I bet this will help for sure! This product rocks. <end>  Pseudoscience voodoo. Check wikipedia  I can't believe there are so many gullible people out there. These necklaces don't actually do anything. Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said, "There's a sucker born every minute." <end>  Trendy Necklace  I'm not sure if I bought this for my 13 year old son or 19 year old nephew. However, it doesn't matter because both of them love their necklaces. <end>  A Gimmick  Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one. Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly, I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits, I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases. <end>  Great  I bought it for my boyfriend and sent it as a gift.He loved it, and still wears it to this day.It's comfortable and fits with the outfits he wears.=) <end>  Outstanding  I bought these for my grandchildren. All the kids at their school has one or would like to get one. They are very nice and I would recommend this to all your children or grandchildren. My grandchildren only takes there's off to take a bath. They were at a Christmas get together and the kids there wanted to know how they could get one and my daughter-in-law called to find out so they could order some for their children.I think Amazon is great as I only have to wait a couple of days and I have my product I ordered, plus Amazon products you do not have shipping charges.Kay J., North Carolina <end>  this is a great product  this is a GREAT product. i am on my feet 8 to 12 hours a day. im a chef, before i used this my lower and upper back and shoulders killed me. now i dont even feel them. when i take the necklace off when go to bed i dont sleep wiht stuff around my neck. my back starts screaming. i have had one before and gave it to my boss because he had wicked bad back. i also play golf and i dropped 3 shots because i had more flexiblity and my back wasnt hurting at all when i finished all 36 holes. <end>  good  I don't know if it really works or not but recently my husband had to help my neighbor's moving and he 'felt' he recovered faster after that and 'feels' good every morning with it. Feels good = endolphine, right?I should've gotten one size smaller though. If you are not that huge muscle built around your neck 16" for a guy whould've been just fine. <end>  I'm a believer  I'm an active 49 year old female who was having chronic hip and knee pain, especially when sleeping. Last month Amazon had great special on the PHITEN stuff so I gave it a try. I'm a believer. No more hip and knee pain. I wear the necklace 24/7 except in shower and have purchased the titanium discs and stick them on any spots that feel sore after a strenuous day. The products are amazing. What have you got to lose with Amazon's excellent return policy. <end>  NOT FOR ME  I have used one of these for a month, and I have observed myself, my general wellbeing, and my backpain with and without the necklace, while sleeping, while doing sport, while at the office... and I have not noticed any difference at all. For this, and because, in my research, I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work, I am giving it one star. I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money. <end>  Customer Service Sucks  I have also seen many people wear these. I workout a lot. I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 7 1/8 and order 7 1/2. I could not close the clasp. I sent them back only to have them returned!!! They told me it was custom- I order one black and one orange- how is that custom. I talked to two CS reps with the same answer- non-refundable!! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back, instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym- I can now tell them- DO NOT BUY, THE CS SUCKS. I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them. I'm blown away. <end>  Read the package make-source  I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years. I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days. I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye. Before I make any haste/impulse purchase, I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~50 50 positive and negative. As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect, so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet. I take it as the 50% negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any "miracle". For example, if you have a flawless skin to begin with, you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome/Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily. That's the logic. I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this  Made in PXXXXXXXXXS (not Japan!). Instantaneously, I put back the item on the shelf and re-purchased the tape and lotion (both are made in Japan) instead. Now I know why the split review on the bracelets because the manufacturing source is different - this is my gut feel by the way. I rather tape around my body inconspiciously to mimick the jewellery claimed effect than buying the actual jewellery where the quality is questionable by my gut-feeling and so not comfortable in buying at all. <end>  Very Good Necklace  it has deffenitly worked for me. i have loved it and i would recomend it. altho i bought it a little big it still has worked just fine. <end>  Satisfied customer  The product was exactly as we expected and was shipped in a timely manner. No complaints. <end>  Ummmmm...  I am not sure what I was expecting from this product...but pain relief from the short amount of time I've worn it has been unnoticed. <end>  Nice necklace  Exactly what i expected and saw online and in the store. No healing abilities but it was no surprise. I like it and i think it is ok for its price. <end>  Helps me sleep better  I wear it mostly at night, or if I will be very active (skiing, etc.). Seems to work for me! <end>  Great gift for a hard to please baseball fan  I know it's only a necklace but my husband is so hard to buy gifts for and he's a major Red Sox fan, so this was a great gift. I guess many baseball players wear these(the superstitious ones) to enhance their game. The necklace is suppose to have titanium in it, thus producing "majical powers". What ever the case my husband was surprised I noticed the players wearing them and has worn his every day since recieving it. Now that I think of it, he has improved in certain areas  ). In summary, this is a great inexpensive gift. <end>  phiten titanium star neckless  the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER <end>  Nice product  Purchased this as gift for my daughter. It looks great and she loves it. I can't say much more about it. <end>  Mhmm, like it.  I had bought this for my fiance for a gift and he still wears it. He loves it. I would buy him another if he wanted one. <end>  To big and it was faded  The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look. <end>  Good buy on a Phiten  This was the best buy I could find on a Phiten as Christmas time. I believe I paid around $7 plus about $5 shipping. Shipping is a bit high for such a lighrweight item but the necklace itself seems durable and my 13 son wears it every day. <end>  Not exactly as it appears  We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family. My daughter wanted an orange one, since her team colors are orange and white. In the photo, this looks like it is truly orange - and bright! The reality is that it's not. It's a very dingy color, nearly brownish, and it almost looks as though it's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it. Suffice it to say, I bought it for her for xmas, and she hasn't worn it yet. I'm thinking it will stay on her bureau. It's too bad. <end>  Glad to have a new one...but....  The necklace was 16&#34; not 18&#34; but it fit (barely) so I kept it. I had an old one that I lost a while ago and once again I feel better when working out and seem to feel better between workouts....I just wish it was a bit longer. <end>  Perfect!  This neckalce came quickly and in it's original packaging, just as I was looking for. My daughter loves it! Thanks! <end>  Recommended for computer / internet / game addicts.  If you sit before computer for more than 8 hours a day & you have lack of excercise then this product is for you.This tech is invented in Japan & this product is made in Japan, So you can trust its quality. <end>  Very Pleased.  I bought this item, because I always see Boston Red Sox players wear them and thought they looked cool. It is cool, and it does relieve some minor aches and pains that I have/had. I recommend getting one for yourself, if you want to be cool like me. <end>  GIVES ME POWER  THIS NECKLACE GIVES ME POWER!!! No seriously it's just a blue necklace that I only bought because Josh Beckett wears them. GO SOX! <end>  Necklace  I bought this as a gift for a niece. She told me that she liked it a lot and so did her friends. <end>  It looks cool!  Aside from the "coolness" factor for my teenage baseball player son, I'm not sure what else there is to say about the article. He is certainly thrilled with it. His tournament team were all wearing them at Sunday's tournament and they won the championship! <end>  necklace  Was pleased with the timely receipt of the necklace and it came in excellent shape. <end>  cool necklace, doesn't work though  You probably saw some baseball players wearing this necklace and are curious. Does it work as advertised? Nah. It looks cool and I enjoy wearing it, but it does nothing for pain or tension or stiffness, etc. I know it's very popular in baseball (I myself work for MLB) but at the same time, baseball players are very superstitious, and considering these come in various colors and can be braided, it's not surprising to see them everywhere. I do like mine a lot, though. I'd recommend tossing it in with your clothes to be washed once in a while, especially if you workout or sweat, or even if you shower with it on -- it really does need to be cleaned thoroughly to remove that built-up sweaty smell. Cheaper here on Amazon than in sporting good stores. <end>  not what I expected  I have the wrist phiten and it works great. I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one. They might be fakes. Buyer beware and check things out. <end>  Sorry, little improvement here.  I wore this for approximately 2 months, and hardly noticed any change. Maybe, I need to wear it longer, but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain. <end>  Great product  Great product at an awsome price. Cannot buy them local for that. Kids love them. <end>  Good  I buy them for my parents. They look good, and my parents like them. Hope they will work as they said. <end>  good necklace  It was very good quality. The clasp is kind of hard to open. Get the smaller size for kids. Size 22 was way too big. It hangs down more than I wanted. <end>  The item is good but...  I ordered two 18" but received a 18" and a 22", obviously I can't wear the 22" one. I'm an international buyer so it's a bit expensive to return this item, however, I donated the 22" one to a local charity sale. Since I can't wear this necklace myself I'm not sure if it works well, so this 3-star rating is given to the seller, for shipping a wrong item. <end>  great  Little neice requested this for CHristmas. She loves it. Little pricey but I guess this is the new trend for the young folks. <end>  Great buy  I purchased this for my husband. I found one in my town for 10.00 more, exact same product so this one is a steal! He liked it and has had no complaints, although the 18" seems to be a bit smaller than that, maybe due to the thickness of the weave around the titanium wire. Good buy. <end>  Phiten Star Shines  I've done a little research on this type of product; the reports show mixed results. The necklace might be a placebo, but it keeps me aware and, therefore, works for me! <end>  What I was hoping for...  I purchased this necklace in hopes that some of my daily aches and pains would lessen; I am still a skeptic by heart, and hoping that all my aforementioned A&P;'s would completely be eradicated by the wearing of this necklace seems,well,silly.It is comfortable to wear (although I do wish I had chose the next size longer for appearance sake.) and not at all heavy.All in all, I would recommend buying this piece to anyone who wants to give it a chance. If I am able to do cartwheels in a few months, I'll report back to let you know. <end>  I wish I could tell if it works  I bought this mostly because I thought it looks cool. I wasn't expecting much to happen otherwise. I wear it when I work out, and it could be improving my stability and strength, but I can't tell whether or not it works.If you are buying this as a miracle cure, I would caution against it, but if you like the look of it then get it. <end>  Phiten Star Necklace  I absolutely love the Phiten Star Necklace. It's comfortable, practical, stylish, and everything listed in the product description. I would recommend this product to everyone. <end>  Pretty but no special effect  This was a present for my sister-in-law, who specifically requested it, hoping that it would somehow give her energy. It hasn't, but she still thinks it's pretty. <end>  Great  I love this it works too. I can feel it getting rid of my cramps and during practice I feel I have more energy and I am able to run harder. It really helps the joints too. <end>  Phiten necklace 22"  It is comfortable and stylish but that is not why I bought it. I have neck problems and was looking for relief from low grade pain that often shows up. It seems to help although it is hard to tell with these things. Nothing scientific but I truly think it reduces and sometimes eliminates the mild pain I have had intermittently for a long time. There may even be a slight energy boost but that is minimal for me. <end>  Really Works!  I have had two back surgeries and am usually in constant pain but once I put this on and kept it on for more than a week it really helped out my lower back pain. Don't get me wrong, this is not a miracle necklace in any way but it did greatly reduce the pain for a while. Once I had to take it off to go back to work (military), I noticed the back pain came back quickly. It made me fill a bit more energetic during the day and is easy to conceal under a t-shirt if you don't want people to ask a lot of questions (I would suggest 22" or larger). Great product...I plan on buying the wrist bracelet next. <end>  For Whatever Reason, My Joints Feel Better  I don't know how this thing works or if it's psychological or just plain coincidence, but my joints feel 100% better since I started wearing this necklace. I had a sore shoulder and sore knees, and since I started wearing this they feel great. If you have joint pain it's well worth plunking down $20 to try one of these necklaces! <end>  Works well, but no miracle  So, my ankle has suffered for about 10 years or so. I have worn a goofy flat shoe that doesn't flex before. I got the necklace and double wrapped around my ankle. It started to feel strange(kinda warm) at first. My first thought was"oh great my brain thinks it is doing something". After a while of not thinking or noticing it, i could walk upstairs without my ankle hurting. I am a sceptic, so i took it off for a few days. My ankle hurt again while walking upstairs. This is NOT a cure. When the weather changes like rain/cold, still hurts a bit. I got the cheapest one possible, but i am going to try the better one. While it does help, do NOT expect a miracle. It can help to reduce pain if double wrapped around wrist or ankle, but not a cure by any stretch. I like the product, but will have to get one of the braided ones to see more. <end>  Good Buy!  Was very pleased to find what my daughter wanted on Amazon again! She got this for a Christmas gift. It was perfect! Thanks Amazon! <end>  Phiten Star Necklace  Necklace is fine and it arrived on time and in good condition. It has helped me somewhat with the stiffness I have had in my neck. I will not say that it has gone completely, but I think it is helping me to get around better. <end>  great necklace---even better price  very happy with this necklace. i bought this for my daughter who wanted one cause they were the latest craze among all her jr high friends. got this one because it was the best price i could find. extremely satisfied. <end>  My 11 year old son loves his Necklace!  Yes this is the latest trend for Baseball Players (young and old)...and my son had to have one! He wanted the Navy one...and absolutely loves it! Great quality...and after over a month of wearing it every day...still looks brand new! <end>  An incredible pain reducer!  I have had this necklace for over a month now, and I have been using it constantly. I am in chronic pain some of witch is in my face and neck. And I have been using very strong magnets to help. But I find this product to be extremely effective at reducing and many times eliminating the pain. It does better than the magnets; and it even helps me sleep better than I have in years.I cannot say enough about this product, because it really works. I just bought the wristbands to help with the pain in my hands and arms. Also one for my wife she finds it helps with her headaches.I learned about this from watching professional baseball, and seeing that most of the players are using it to help with relaxing and their pain. Now I see why they are all using it. <end>  magnetic necklace  The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck. It's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted. I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace, Black, 22" <end>  Nice Necklace  Nice necklace, looks great and fits very nice; it has a very good quality.I dont know if this helps at all with pain but it's still a great product.Very fast delivery.Highly recommended. <end>  Present for brother  This is what my brother wanted for Christmas. He was very exctied to receive it! <end>  Doesn't work, but it looks good  In my opinion, this product doesn't work as advertised, but it looks good, so I really can't complain. I bought mine knowing that it most likely wasn't going to work, but I figured that if it did, it would be nice. It is simple looking, and can be tucked under any shirt. I wear mine everyday, and I have noticed no change. I would recommend this for someone who wants to try something new. <end>  stupid  this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it. <end>  Great experience  Ordered this necklace for my son. He loves it! Got it just a few days after ordering it! Great experience! <end>  Looks good. Works like a pile of poo.  Yeah, so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh "LIAR" Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings. Lemme just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP!!! No way does this thing relieve anything. I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working. But now MY BACK HURTS!!!! LIARS!!!! ARGH!!!PS Josh Beckett is currently injured...On the other hand, it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it. If not, go to an asian massage parlor or something. <end>  It works if you think it does!  Come on, people! If these products really worked, everyone would wear them! The manufacturers want you to think they work, so they can sell them and make $$$. I have tried the phiten, and the balance bracelet, and magnetic therapy. I have noticed no change in my myriad aches, pains, and stiffnesses. I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month, just to give it a chance. If anything, I feel worse with it on, so I am giving up. Save your money! <end>  Nonsense  This bracelet doesn't contain any "ions", "technology" nor "energy" which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS. Do you know who first debunked these things? *BENJAMIN* *FRANKLIN* did, two hundred years ago!He found out that it didn't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them, people couldn't tell the difference. He told people they would increase strength, eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious "energies". Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they "worked".It's just a bracelet. No ions. No technology. No energy. No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you don't have a clue. <end>  Who needs medicine?!?!  I bought this because I was very sick with no hope in sight, until someone recommended the Phiten Star Necklace. I put it on and instantly felt better. No more treatments for me! I threw all my meds out the window and got a ticket for littering but I no longer needed them is what I am trying to say.Not only that I was running faster, jumping higher, and could levitate. I have never had these abilities before but thanks to the Phiten Star Necklace I was like a super-human. Nevermind that this is just another new-age trend with tweens, and these do as much as you holding a marble in the fly of your underwear. These did so much it was amazing, and I promise it isn't just all in my head or your heads collectively. My friend saw what happened with me and wanted to one-up me, like always. So he read these have titanium in them and so he knew his Nike driver was made out of titanium too, so then he took it out of his golf bag and cut it off the shaft and wore it around his neck too. It was too much titanium and they don't expect him to make it through the end of the year.If you want to feel better and you KNOW it won't all be in your head, then you have to get this Phiten Star Necklace, it works (non)miracles! <end>  Broke within a few weeks  My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase. (The bracelet I bought with it was too small. I wore it anyways, and it fell off within days and I lost it.) <end>  love it!  Love this! I just wish I would have measured before I bought because it is a bit big! Would highly recommend this to anyone who is active and needs some reflief from the day to day aches and pains. <end>  Back pain is gone  I've got to say that I just love my Phiten neckace. I've suffered from mild scoliosis since I can remember, so sitting for long periods of time always gave me a bit of lower back pain. I haven't had such pain since I started to use this product. I wear it everyday, not only for sports. <end>  It actually works!  I was skeptical at first but after wearing this since Christmas, I've noticed my neck and shoulder area is noticeably looser and I've been getting some colossal cracks in my neck. I work my upper body area in the gym and at home with various chest and shoulder exercises and I've found this helps take some of the post workout stiffness away. Would recommend to a friend. <end>  Good Response  Purchased this for my son. He loves it as it it the fad among his peers. The order arrived quickly from the seller. <end>  Good purchase for teenage son  I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He had asked for one and after comparing several in the price range I wanted to spend, I decided on this. It looks good and he says it works for him. I would recommend this as a trial piece to decide if it works for you before purchasing one that is more expensive. <end>  Can you feel the heat too?  This is another product I bought along with a power balance bracelet in preparation for the honolulu marathon. A coworker of mine swears by this so I decided to try it out for one as soon as you put it on a slight heat surrounds your neck and you can feel something working. In general I feel better when I have it on so if it works for me it might work for you. Good luck <end>  awesome necklace!!!  While watching the baseball playoffs this fall, I couldn't help but notice the necklaces the majority of players were wearing. Looked them up and here it is. Although this specific one wasn't the one I wanted, it works for now. Not only does it make me more powerful and nearly invincible, it also allows me to be pain free!In all seriousness, these necklaces are kind of cool, save for the original nagging from the girlfriend about it looking dumb. They're marketed to help reduce pain in the neck and shoulder area, which is fine if you believe in non-traditional medicine. Since I work in the medical field, I don't buy into this marketing gimmick.Now, if these necklaces combined the amazing therapeutic effects of titanium, copper AND magnets, HOLY CRAP, WATCH OUT.Cool looking necklace, but if you're buying it for anything other than the look, you're not too smart. <end>  Worth the money  My son loves this necklace. He has asked for more Phi-tens for Christmas. Good quality and doesn't fade. <end>  Love this product  I like this product, wearing it for 5 years and I truly believe it functions well. <end>  My kid loves this necklace  He hasn't taken it off since he got it. He is 11 and it is a fad at his school. They have these in one of the sporting goods stores here but they are $30 and up- and I couldn't see paying that much for a necklace for a kid. So we ordered this one instead. It is durable, the colors are nice and bright, and my son seems very happy with it. <end>  Phiten Titanium Necklace  I'v had this necklace for over a month now. I have had constant knee pain for 2 years . This product actually works. My knee pain is almost non existent. I also have a bad back. It has lessened that pain some what, but not totally . I would highly recommend this product. <end>  wish design were sharper  Photo leads one to believe the design is much sharper than it actually turns out to be. <end>  this works  PHITEN AQUA-TITANIUM NECKLACE bought one on a whim and it really works.no more neck pains in the a.m. and it looks pretty cool.just gotta remember to take it off before the shower it doesn't dry too quick!! <end>  Briefing on Phiten Titanium Necklace  Well... actually it looks really cool.. so cool that my friends are asking me to buy some more of this product for them.Regarding the effect on me, I could tell that it really works. I'm a baseball player and I haven't felt any particular pain in my body since I started wearing it!!! <end>  Feeling Great!  I but this just for what was said about it, and I have to admit, because a lot of MLB players use it, I figured, if they use it then it has to work, since I bought it and started wearing it I have not taken it off and my head, shoulders and neck feel great. <end>  Phiten Star Necklace  This necklace was for my two boys that play baseball. They really like the style and they even said it gave them energy. If it helps them in the mental aspect of their game then it the right product. I like the looks and the feel. It is soft and attractive looking. The boys wear it all the time. <end>  Orange  I ordered an Orange Phiten necklace for my kid. He loves these things, and it arrived right on time. The quality is just what was expected. The kid wears it every day. <end>  Super Fast shipping!!! Would order again  Recieved fast free shipping on Phiten necklace. Excellent price! This company provided a great product with no issues. <end>  These are great!  I don't know why I didn't get one of these earlier. I was sure if it would really work, but after trying it there is no way I will ever play a sport without wearing this! <end>  Great  This was a good item for the price...i cant really say that it is a miracle worker but it does feel pretty solid and good. if you end up not liking the way it works than its still a cool necklace to have for the price. <end>
 B000FNCCSA  Chardonnay Classico Dangle Earrings ||	  NOT INTERESTING  Cet article ne donne pas un look s&eacute;rieux, a fait comme du toc. Il fait genre pacotille alors que la photo ne le laisse pas entrevoir. Les boules orange sont faites de billes transparentes qui lui donne un genre 'pour adolescent'. Je ne m'y attendais pas du tout. <end>
 B000FNCCSK  Purple Mirabella Chandelier Earrings ||	  Nice Surprise  These earrings were ordered for a gift and when they arrived, they were so pretty, I didn't want to give them up. They are base metal, but look like silver, the size and weight is great. They'd look terrific with lots of different colors and styles. A great item at a great price. <end>
 B000FNCD1Q  Linear Faceted Teardrop BABY PHAT Silver Toned Earrings ||	  Disappointing quality  For the price, I thought these would be closer to sterling, or that the "crystals" would look like glass, at least, but the "crystals" looked closer to plastic, and the metal was nowhere close to sterling, or so it appeared to me. <end>
 B000FNEGXY  Peach Persuasion Flower Chandelier Earrings ||	  Extremely cheap  I mean, what do you expect for $5.99 right? But seriously - I've bought costume jewelry before that didn't look this cheap. These look like the prize from a Cracker Jack box - only not as classy. Plastic painted silver with plastic beads indifferently glued onto it. I'll never wear them. <end>
 B000FNGLAA  BABY PHAT Gold Tone THREADER Drop CAT Dangle Earrings ||	  Compliments  I wear these all the time.I get so many compliments on them.A great accessory. <end>
 B000FNGP4W  Phiten Classic Titanium Necklace ||	  Nice Necklace  Nice necklace, looks great and fits very nice; it has a very good quality.I dont know if this helps at all with pain but it's still a great product.Very fast delivery.Highly recommended. <end>  Present for brother  This is what my brother wanted for Christmas. He was very exctied to receive it! <end>  Doesn't work, but it looks good  In my opinion, this product doesn't work as advertised, but it looks good, so I really can't complain. I bought mine knowing that it most likely wasn't going to work, but I figured that if it did, it would be nice. It is simple looking, and can be tucked under any shirt. I wear mine everyday, and I have noticed no change. I would recommend this for someone who wants to try something new. <end>  stupid  this is a piece of crap i ordered my about 2 weeks ago and the only good thing about it was that it came about 2 days early which was good but the necklace broke the second day i got it. <end>  Great experience  Ordered this necklace for my son. He loves it! Got it just a few days after ordering it! Great experience! <end>  Looks good. Works like a pile of poo.  Yeah, so I was suckered into buying this product after seeing Josh "LIAR" Beckett wearing this during one of his pitching outings. Lemme just say THIS IS A PIECE OF CRAP!!! No way does this thing relieve anything. I think its all in your head because when I first bought it I too believed it was working. But now MY BACK HURTS!!!! LIARS!!!! ARGH!!!PS Josh Beckett is currently injured...On the other hand, it does look nifty so if youre just buying it for the look then go for it. If not, go to an asian massage parlor or something. <end>  It works if you think it does!  Come on, people! If these products really worked, everyone would wear them! The manufacturers want you to think they work, so they can sell them and make $$$. I have tried the phiten, and the balance bracelet, and magnetic therapy. I have noticed no change in my myriad aches, pains, and stiffnesses. I have worn a phiten necklace for over a month, just to give it a chance. If anything, I feel worse with it on, so I am giving up. Save your money! <end>  Nonsense  This bracelet doesn't contain any "ions", "technology" nor "energy" which would noticeably affect the human body at all.Magic bracelets with different metals and magnets in them have been LONG PROVEN USELESS. Do you know who first debunked these things? *BENJAMIN* *FRANKLIN* did, two hundred years ago!He found out that it didn't matter whether he put metals or magnets or pieces of painted wood in them, people couldn't tell the difference. He told people they would increase strength, eliminate pain and cure all sorts of diseases with mysterious "energies". Of course it was nonsense but most people who bought them nevertheless claimed that they "worked".It's just a bracelet. No ions. No technology. No energy. No magic.Buy this bracelet only if you want to show the world that you don't have a clue. <end>  Who needs medicine?!?!  I bought this because I was very sick with no hope in sight, until someone recommended the Phiten Star Necklace. I put it on and instantly felt better. No more treatments for me! I threw all my meds out the window and got a ticket for littering but I no longer needed them is what I am trying to say.Not only that I was running faster, jumping higher, and could levitate. I have never had these abilities before but thanks to the Phiten Star Necklace I was like a super-human. Nevermind that this is just another new-age trend with tweens, and these do as much as you holding a marble in the fly of your underwear. These did so much it was amazing, and I promise it isn't just all in my head or your heads collectively. My friend saw what happened with me and wanted to one-up me, like always. So he read these have titanium in them and so he knew his Nike driver was made out of titanium too, so then he took it out of his golf bag and cut it off the shaft and wore it around his neck too. It was too much titanium and they don't expect him to make it through the end of the year.If you want to feel better and you KNOW it won't all be in your head, then you have to get this Phiten Star Necklace, it works (non)miracles! <end>  Broke within a few weeks  My necklace broke within a few weeks of purchase. (The bracelet I bought with it was too small. I wore it anyways, and it fell off within days and I lost it.) <end>  Nice necklace.  I don't know who the hell thinks this works, but it doesn't. Nice necklace though. I haven't stopped wearing it just because I don't have any other necklace to wear. <end>  Perfect Gift for 12 y/o Grandson  Our grandson wanted a Phiten necklace for his 12th birthday ... this was a last-minute purchase but it arrived even quicker than expected so it was here in time for his birthday. Sometimes it is hard to impress a tween ... this gift was warmly received and is worn every day. Now a younger grandchild is putting this item on her Christmas wish list. <end>  Not happy... Whatsoever.  Very, very, very dissatisfied with this order... NOT the correct size. NOT the item pictured. Not the item titled. Says 18", but it came as 22". I have a small neck... However, it shipped/arrived extremely quickly. ONLY good thing about ordering this item. I could have gotten pretty much the SAME EXACT item for $4.99 from another seller on Amazon. Stole $10 from me. <end>  Atleast it looks cool!  Well, I got what I ordered. Does it work for me? No. Besides wearing it as a fashion item this necklace serves no other purpose. If you are having pains in your body try stretching or heading to the gym. I promise that will work better than some gimmick. <end>  It works!  I thought that was bunk and I laughed when my husband bought, especially since I'm the one that has had chronic back and neck pain for the last 3 years - 2 of the years of consistent chiropractic work at least 3 times a week. We recently moved and things improved drastically with only the occasional neck pain, I'm assuming from less stress, then this morning I woke up with a killer headache and could barely move my head from the stiffness and pain in my neck. I took my husbands necklace and laid in bed, after dozing off for an hour I woke up and things were 90% better. I then cracked my neck and we were at 98% I took the necklace off long enough to take a shower and by the time I got out my neck was locking up again so I put it on for the remainder of the day until my husband got home. I'm ordering mine asap, it was enough to convince me - although I *hate* the look, clashes with all my clothing except my running stuff. Based on another persons review, I am eager to try it on my ankle, I too have a bad ankle from a severe sprain a few years ago - I bet this will help for sure! This product rocks. <end>  Pseudoscience voodoo. Check wikipedia  I can't believe there are so many gullible people out there. These necklaces don't actually do anything. Look up phiten and pseudoscience.Like David Hannum said, "There's a sucker born every minute." <end>  Trendy Necklace  I'm not sure if I bought this for my 13 year old son or 19 year old nephew. However, it doesn't matter because both of them love their necklaces. <end>  A Gimmick  Bought the 22 inch Navy Blue one. Should have bought a longer one as it can still be seen when I wear formal shirts at work.More importantly, I dont see any benefits with wearing this.I will give it a couple of more weeks and if I still see no benefits, I will write it off as one of my many frivolous purchases. <end>  Great  I bought it for my boyfriend and sent it as a gift.He loved it, and still wears it to this day.It's comfortable and fits with the outfits he wears.=) <end>  Outstanding  I bought these for my grandchildren. All the kids at their school has one or would like to get one. They are very nice and I would recommend this to all your children or grandchildren. My grandchildren only takes there's off to take a bath. They were at a Christmas get together and the kids there wanted to know how they could get one and my daughter-in-law called to find out so they could order some for their children.I think Amazon is great as I only have to wait a couple of days and I have my product I ordered, plus Amazon products you do not have shipping charges.Kay J., North Carolina <end>  I can't believe it but it really seems to work!  I bought this titanium necklace just to try one more alternative treatment for my joint pains and was really pleasantly surprised. It seems to be actually helping. I take tons of supplements and use magnets as well as the Q-ray ring/bracelet but this is the first item that seemed to immediately help decrease the pain in my joints. I'll have to see how it fairs as time goes by but if constantly wearing a rather ugly necklace is the price to pay, so be it. I can't say it'll help everyone who tries it but it definitely seems to be relieving my joint pains. Yehhhhh.....something that REALLY works!! <end>  These are great!  I had back pain for about a year. After seeing these necklaces being worn by a ton of Major League Baseball players I decided to give one of these a try. Next thing I knew, my back pain was gone. Coincidence? Maybe. But, when I forget to put it back on after a shower I sometimes feel pain again. These are very light weight and comfortable. Highly recommended. <end>  Fewer Aches and Pains  I am a chronic sufferer of back and neck pain. An accident several years ago left me with a fractured vertebrae and more pain than I know how to deal with. I watch a lot of baseball on TV and saw a lot of players wearing this and decided to give it a try. This product(along with a weekly workout regimen) has helped me deal with and exceed my own standards of pain tolerance. I don't know whether it's a mind-over-matter type of experience, but at this point, I don't really care. If you deal with aches and pains similar to these, I would definitely give this a try. <end>  it really works !!!  I've had gout for over 12 years and I constantly get flare ups on my right ankle. At times when my flare up was not as severe, i often would have minor ankle swells lasting all day. With a number of supplements taken such as black cherry fruit extract pills, glucosamine, NSAID's, and even acupuncture, i constanly had a slight swollen ankle that bothered me each day, especially in the evenings. Since watching the baseball players use it, I began reviewing the benefits of using this bracelet and heard from the BB players that it was helping them ease pain. I immediately thought of buying one for my dad since he always complained about his neck and how much it bothered him. Mind you that he is a welder who constantly shifts his welding hood downward with the use of his neck..figured that was the main reason why his neck hurt all the time. I bought this necklace and gave it to him and told him that the bracelet should help reduce is neck pain. Very kindly, my father acknowledged my statement as he placed it on his neck. Surprisingly, my dad called me two days later and said..."son, i couldn't wait to call you to tell you that the my neck pain is gone!!, and you are right! this thing helped my neck pain!" I was very glad to hear that...now here is my story. I got in Amazon and purchased one for me with the crazy idea of placing it on my ankle where my swelling occurs. My ankle measured 11 inches in diamater so i purchased the 22 inch phiten black bracelet. The day of arrival I opened the package and tied it on my ankle..perfect fit once double looped. Folks or readers..my swelling has gown down and my ankle pain went away!!!! Really...I can't believe that this bracelet served its purpose. Unbelievable! Now i can get up in the morning and not feel any pain in my foot. My evenings are much better than they every have been. i feel more energized throughout the day and feel great at night.I still take my cherry fruit extract pills, B complex, and Glucosomine supplements to help eliminate my uric acid in my body. i also take a teaspoon of baking soda to help neutralize the acid in the blood(kidney specialist referral).for those of you who have any joint pain, i suggest you try this bracelet and place it on the trouble areas. Of course it's impossible to find one long enough to fit around your waist, for those who have waist problems, but having one on your ankle, neck, and wrist will certainly help balance those energies overall.this is my story and felt it is worth sharingto those who are thinking whether or not this product works. I would gladly here anyone's testimonials about this bracelet. It truly works !!! <end>  Daily Relief  We wear these necklaces daily to aid with the wear & tear of daily work -- They help tremendously to ease any soreness and/or pain -- Highly recommend this product!!! <end>  It Works!  This Product really works, it helped relieve pain i have had for months and this is the only thing that has kept the pain away. Awesome product, i totally recommend this product to anyone with pain that doesnt go away with meds. <end>  Works for my shoulder  I've been wearing it for 3 weeks now. I have sciatic due to a herniated disc. I was hoping this will relieve pain. I guess it's not that powerful to wear it on the neck to get rid of the pain in my low back. I also got the bracelet which really works for my wrist, elbo and shoulder. Well, it's probably the combination of the necklace and bracelet that make them feel pretty much pain free. They are painful because I am a Programmer and work on the computer all day.I would say this product works. I may be buying the waist belt that is not sold here. <end>  Great product.  Got this for my husband, and he just loves it! Wears it every day. Helps prevent him from getting his headaches... <end>  Alternative Pain Relief  Both my husband and I use these to relieve our neck & shoulders of the pain from herniated discs. We wear them daily, and they do take the edge off. We have been using them for over two years now. <end>  Helps with pain from drumming  I'm a drummer who does a lot of session work and driving around to gigs who deals with chronic back and neck pain. I've been through chiro treatment and use all sorts of inversion tables, back rests, and braces to help deal with the pain of muscle stress and tension in my back and neck. Sometimes this pain spreads to my ribs and other areas so my pain simply comes from tense muscles, no disc compressions or anything like that. After buying this at a local sport shop and putting it on, I got into my car and slouched down into my seat (something I don't usually do because of the pain in my lower back) and drove to where I needed to be, not even realizing that my pain had went away. After wearing this necklace for a few days, I have stopped taking muscles relaxers at night, and I noticed while waking up I don't feel any tension. Usually waking up in the morning I feel the most tension but haven't had a problem for the past week. This morning while getting ready for work I was having some pain in my left ankle, and it was popping. I never have ankle pain and it never pops (must have tweaked it). Therefore, I took my necklace off and wrapped it around my ankle. 5 minutes later the pain was gone. I'm not sure how this product works, although I'm a firm believer in the bodies natural healing process. If this IS indeed placebo effect working, then what is the big issue? People should understand that placebo effect is a natural and very important process that can occur in our body. Western medicine spends time trying to get medication to work apart from the placebo effect, which is dangerous and a waste of time. I feel this product really does work and suggest it to anyone who wants to help themselves overcome pain with their body's natural healing process. Stop listening to other people's criticism and see if this product works for you. Your mind plays a bigger role in the success of this product than you think. That is all.... <end>  Sizing of the 18 inch variation  It is 45 CM (17.7 inches), counting the clasp. Actual length when around your neck hovers at 17 inches.If that helps you with determining what size is for you, then I am glad to be of some help.Made out of comfortable material and I see no structural weaknesses.I didn't buy it for whatever hocus pocus it is trying to sell itself on, I just liked the style. <end>  This didn't make any difference  I thought this product was going to make a visible and evident difference in my performance (I play tennis). It did nothing for me. <end>  Great Buy!  Just as advertised and still in the original package half the price of the local sport shop! Shipped quickly! What a bargain! <end>  Fits just right  Unless you are a little guy I recommend the 22'' version of this. It isn't a choker and as far as it working... I really can't say. <end>  junk  After 2 days it broke. I contacted phiten and they told me since I didn't buy it from them I'm screwed. I was able to fix and improve it I like it. Just poor craftmanship <end>  Works fine  The product seems to be fine... I do notice a slight decrease in soreness while wearing this product. The only complaint I have as of right now is that the necklace is a bit stiff and wont lie flat around my neck. Tends to try and keep its oval shape. This may wear off in time. Great delivery time also. <end>  Very nice  I ordered this over night so it came fast. I love it. It fits perfect, seems to be good quality. I hope it helps with my aches, if not at least it looks good. <end>  In good condition, as promised...  The necklace was received in good condition, and appeared to be new. I gave it to my friend as a gift, and she was terribly excited. <end>  phiten titanium necklace  very happy with product and seller, item arrived when promised and in excellent condition...been wearing necklace for over a week now and seem to help.all in all, i would recommend this product and seller <end>  Worked out nicely for a gift.  My son gave it as a requested present. It worked out great. We have already gone back and purchased another for my youngest son as well, just a different color. <end>  magnetic necklace  The necklace is unattractive and doesnt lay right on your neck. It's made of rope and magnets and the rope is too thick and twisted. I returned it asap.Phiten Star Necklace, Black, 22" <end>  Helps me sleep better  I wear it mostly at night, or if I will be very active (skiing, etc.). Seems to work for me! <end>  Great gift for a hard to please baseball fan  I know it's only a necklace but my husband is so hard to buy gifts for and he's a major Red Sox fan, so this was a great gift. I guess many baseball players wear these(the superstitious ones) to enhance their game. The necklace is suppose to have titanium in it, thus producing "majical powers". What ever the case my husband was surprised I noticed the players wearing them and has worn his every day since recieving it. Now that I think of it, he has improved in certain areas  ). In summary, this is a great inexpensive gift. <end>  phiten titanium star neckless  the neckless is ok but the company i bought it from are very rude would never buy an ite fro the again.EVER <end>  Nice product  Purchased this as gift for my daughter. It looks great and she loves it. I can't say much more about it. <end>  Mhmm, like it.  I had bought this for my fiance for a gift and he still wears it. He loves it. I would buy him another if he wanted one. <end>  To big and it was faded  The necklace was way to big and it was not the hot pink that was shown in the picture it had a more faded look. <end>  Good buy on a Phiten  This was the best buy I could find on a Phiten as Christmas time. I believe I paid around $7 plus about $5 shipping. Shipping is a bit high for such a lighrweight item but the necklace itself seems durable and my 13 son wears it every day. <end>  Not exactly as it appears  We have several Phitens - all of which are in the blue or black family. My daughter wanted an orange one, since her team colors are orange and white. In the photo, this looks like it is truly orange - and bright! The reality is that it's not. It's a very dingy color, nearly brownish, and it almost looks as though it's gone through mud and then someone attempted to wash it. Suffice it to say, I bought it for her for xmas, and she hasn't worn it yet. I'm thinking it will stay on her bureau. It's too bad. <end>  Glad to have a new one...but....  The necklace was 16&#34; not 18&#34; but it fit (barely) so I kept it. I had an old one that I lost a while ago and once again I feel better when working out and seem to feel better between workouts....I just wish it was a bit longer. <end>  Perfect!  This neckalce came quickly and in it's original packaging, just as I was looking for. My daughter loves it! Thanks! <end>  this is a great product  this is a GREAT product. i am on my feet 8 to 12 hours a day. im a chef, before i used this my lower and upper back and shoulders killed me. now i dont even feel them. when i take the necklace off when go to bed i dont sleep wiht stuff around my neck. my back starts screaming. i have had one before and gave it to my boss because he had wicked bad back. i also play golf and i dropped 3 shots because i had more flexiblity and my back wasnt hurting at all when i finished all 36 holes. <end>  good  I don't know if it really works or not but recently my husband had to help my neighbor's moving and he 'felt' he recovered faster after that and 'feels' good every morning with it. Feels good = endolphine, right?I should've gotten one size smaller though. If you are not that huge muscle built around your neck 16" for a guy whould've been just fine. <end>  I'm a believer  I'm an active 49 year old female who was having chronic hip and knee pain, especially when sleeping. Last month Amazon had great special on the PHITEN stuff so I gave it a try. I'm a believer. No more hip and knee pain. I wear the necklace 24/7 except in shower and have purchased the titanium discs and stick them on any spots that feel sore after a strenuous day. The products are amazing. What have you got to lose with Amazon's excellent return policy. <end>  NOT FOR ME  I have used one of these for a month, and I have observed myself, my general wellbeing, and my backpain with and without the necklace, while sleeping, while doing sport, while at the office... and I have not noticed any difference at all. For this, and because, in my research, I have not been able to find a even a single scientifically justified reason for these to work, I am giving it one star. I only hope that others read this review and think twice before spending their money. <end>  Customer Service Sucks  I have also seen many people wear these. I workout a lot. I decided to order two braclets and measured my wrist at 7 1/8 and order 7 1/2. I could not close the clasp. I sent them back only to have them returned!!! They told me it was custom- I order one black and one orange- how is that custom. I talked to two CS reps with the same answer- non-refundable!! They could have saved one customer by giving the correct size and sending back, instead they go to the expense of writing a letter and postage to send back the braclets.I have many people ask me about these in the gym- I can now tell them- DO NOT BUY, THE CS SUCKS. I guess I will find some kid in Middle School with skinny wrist and give it to them. I'm blown away. <end>  Read the package make-source  I personally used the tape and the e-water lotion together and the combination effectively subdue my neck-shoulder ache which I have for many years. I applied the lotion daily after bath at night and replace the tape every 2-3 days. I am convinced with the technology that I decided to try their jewellery products since having the tape seen on body is not a pretty sight to public eye. Before I make any haste/impulse purchase, I googled for the product reviews and realised it is a mixed reviews - ~50 50 positive and negative. As I am convinced with what I have experienced with the tape and lotion effect, so I decided to trust my gut feeling to get the bracelet. I take it as the 50% negative reviews could be because the users do not have any pain/aches to begin with so they do not experience any "miracle". For example, if you have a flawless skin to begin with, you will not expect any miracle effect even if you apply La-mer/SKII/Lancome/Estee Lauder expensive skincare product daily. That's the logic. I seriously ALMOST buy this product until I turned over the package and saw this  Made in PXXXXXXXXXS (not Japan!). Instantaneously, I put back the item on the shelf and re-purchased the tape and lotion (both are made in Japan) instead. Now I know why the split review on the bracelets because the manufacturing source is different - this is my gut feel by the way. I rather tape around my body inconspiciously to mimick the jewellery claimed effect than buying the actual jewellery where the quality is questionable by my gut-feeling and so not comfortable in buying at all. <end>  Very Good Necklace  it has deffenitly worked for me. i have loved it and i would recomend it. altho i bought it a little big it still has worked just fine. <end>  Satisfied customer  The product was exactly as we expected and was shipped in a timely manner. No complaints. <end>  Ummmmm...  I am not sure what I was expecting from this product...but pain relief from the short amount of time I've worn it has been unnoticed. <end>  Nice necklace  Exactly what i expected and saw online and in the store. No healing abilities but it was no surprise. I like it and i think it is ok for its price. <end>  Recommended for computer / internet / game addicts.  If you sit before computer for more than 8 hours a day & you have lack of excercise then this product is for you.This tech is invented in Japan & this product is made in Japan, So you can trust its quality. <end>  Very Pleased.  I bought this item, because I always see Boston Red Sox players wear them and thought they looked cool. It is cool, and it does relieve some minor aches and pains that I have/had. I recommend getting one for yourself, if you want to be cool like me. <end>  GIVES ME POWER  THIS NECKLACE GIVES ME POWER!!! No seriously it's just a blue necklace that I only bought because Josh Beckett wears them. GO SOX! <end>  Necklace  I bought this as a gift for a niece. She told me that she liked it a lot and so did her friends. <end>  It looks cool!  Aside from the "coolness" factor for my teenage baseball player son, I'm not sure what else there is to say about the article. He is certainly thrilled with it. His tournament team were all wearing them at Sunday's tournament and they won the championship! <end>  necklace  Was pleased with the timely receipt of the necklace and it came in excellent shape. <end>  cool necklace, doesn't work though  You probably saw some baseball players wearing this necklace and are curious. Does it work as advertised? Nah. It looks cool and I enjoy wearing it, but it does nothing for pain or tension or stiffness, etc. I know it's very popular in baseball (I myself work for MLB) but at the same time, baseball players are very superstitious, and considering these come in various colors and can be braided, it's not surprising to see them everywhere. I do like mine a lot, though. I'd recommend tossing it in with your clothes to be washed once in a while, especially if you workout or sweat, or even if you shower with it on -- it really does need to be cleaned thoroughly to remove that built-up sweaty smell. Cheaper here on Amazon than in sporting good stores. <end>  not what I expected  I have the wrist phiten and it works great. I expected tension relieve in my neck but got more from wearing this neck one. They might be fakes. Buyer beware and check things out. <end>  Sorry, little improvement here.  I wore this for approximately 2 months, and hardly noticed any change. Maybe, I need to wear it longer, but I have noticed almost no improvement with my back pain. <end>  Great product  Great product at an awsome price. Cannot buy them local for that. Kids love them. <end>  Great  I love this it works too. I can feel it getting rid of my cramps and during practice I feel I have more energy and I am able to run harder. It really helps the joints too. <end>  Phiten necklace 22"  It is comfortable and stylish but that is not why I bought it. I have neck problems and was looking for relief from low grade pain that often shows up. It seems to help although it is hard to tell with these things. Nothing scientific but I truly think it reduces and sometimes eliminates the mild pain I have had intermittently for a long time. There may even be a slight energy boost but that is minimal for me. <end>  Really Works!  I have had two back surgeries and am usually in constant pain but once I put this on and kept it on for more than a week it really helped out my lower back pain. Don't get me wrong, this is not a miracle necklace in any way but it did greatly reduce the pain for a while. Once I had to take it off to go back to work (military), I noticed the back pain came back quickly. It made me fill a bit more energetic during the day and is easy to conceal under a t-shirt if you don't want people to ask a lot of questions (I would suggest 22" or larger). Great product...I plan on buying the wrist bracelet next. <end>  For Whatever Reason, My Joints Feel Better  I don't know how this thing works or if it's psychological or just plain coincidence, but my joints feel 100% better since I started wearing this necklace. I had a sore shoulder and sore knees, and since I started wearing this they feel great. If you have joint pain it's well worth plunking down $20 to try one of these necklaces! <end>  Works well, but no miracle  So, my ankle has suffered for about 10 years or so. I have worn a goofy flat shoe that doesn't flex before. I got the necklace and double wrapped around my ankle. It started to feel strange(kinda warm) at first. My first thought was"oh great my brain thinks it is doing something". After a while of not thinking or noticing it, i could walk upstairs without my ankle hurting. I am a sceptic, so i took it off for a few days. My ankle hurt again while walking upstairs. This is NOT a cure. When the weather changes like rain/cold, still hurts a bit. I got the cheapest one possible, but i am going to try the better one. While it does help, do NOT expect a miracle. It can help to reduce pain if double wrapped around wrist or ankle, but not a cure by any stretch. I like the product, but will have to get one of the braided ones to see more. <end>  Good Buy!  Was very pleased to find what my daughter wanted on Amazon again! She got this for a Christmas gift. It was perfect! Thanks Amazon! <end>  Phiten Star Necklace  Necklace is fine and it arrived on time and in good condition. It has helped me somewhat with the stiffness I have had in my neck. I will not say that it has gone completely, but I think it is helping me to get around better. <end>  great necklace---even better price  very happy with this necklace. i bought this for my daughter who wanted one cause they were the latest craze among all her jr high friends. got this one because it was the best price i could find. extremely satisfied. <end>  My 11 year old son loves his Necklace!  Yes this is the latest trend for Baseball Players (young and old)...and my son had to have one! He wanted the Navy one...and absolutely loves it! Great quality...and after over a month of wearing it every day...still looks brand new! <end>  An incredible pain reducer!  I have had this necklace for over a month now, and I have been using it constantly. I am in chronic pain some of witch is in my face and neck. And I have been using very strong magnets to help. But I find this product to be extremely effective at reducing and many times eliminating the pain. It does better than the magnets; and it even helps me sleep better than I have in years.I cannot say enough about this product, because it really works. I just bought the wristbands to help with the pain in my hands and arms. Also one for my wife she finds it helps with her headaches.I learned about this from watching professional baseball, and seeing that most of the players are using it to help with relaxing and their pain. Now I see why they are all using it. <end>  Good  I buy them for my parents. They look good, and my parents like them. Hope they will work as they said. <end>  good necklace  It was very good quality. The clasp is kind of hard to open. Get the smaller size for kids. Size 22 was way too big. It hangs down more than I wanted. <end>  The item is good but...  I ordered two 18" but received a 18" and a 22", obviously I can't wear the 22" one. I'm an international buyer so it's a bit expensive to return this item, however, I donated the 22" one to a local charity sale. Since I can't wear this necklace myself I'm not sure if it works well, so this 3-star rating is given to the seller, for shipping a wrong item. <end>  great  Little neice requested this for CHristmas. She loves it. Little pricey but I guess this is the new trend for the young folks. <end>  Great buy  I purchased this for my husband. I found one in my town for 10.00 more, exact same product so this one is a steal! He liked it and has had no complaints, although the 18" seems to be a bit smaller than that, maybe due to the thickness of the weave around the titanium wire. Good buy. <end>  Phiten Star Shines  I've done a little research on this type of product; the reports show mixed results. The necklace might be a placebo, but it keeps me aware and, therefore, works for me! <end>  What I was hoping for...  I purchased this necklace in hopes that some of my daily aches and pains would lessen; I am still a skeptic by heart, and hoping that all my aforementioned A&P;'s would completely be eradicated by the wearing of this necklace seems,well,silly.It is comfortable to wear (although I do wish I had chose the next size longer for appearance sake.) and not at all heavy.All in all, I would recommend buying this piece to anyone who wants to give it a chance. If I am able to do cartwheels in a few months, I'll report back to let you know. <end>  I wish I could tell if it works  I bought this mostly because I thought it looks cool. I wasn't expecting much to happen otherwise. I wear it when I work out, and it could be improving my stability and strength, but I can't tell whether or not it works.If you are buying this as a miracle cure, I would caution against it, but if you like the look of it then get it. <end>  Phiten Star Necklace  I absolutely love the Phiten Star Necklace. It's comfortable, practical, stylish, and everything listed in the product description. I would recommend this product to everyone. <end>  Pretty but no special effect  This was a present for my sister-in-law, who specifically requested it, hoping that it would somehow give her energy. It hasn't, but she still thinks it's pretty. <end>  AMAZIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!1  this product totally is amazin. i highly recommend this product to all athletes. i would give it a 10 out of 10. it is totally worth the low price!!! <end>  Necklace  The only problem I had was that the picture is of the "Sport" necklace, but got the standard style. However, shipping was quick and the item arrived brand new. <end>  Doesn't work  I wore this necklace several times and now realize that I wasted my money. I can't even tell the necklace even has any titanium ... there is no magnetic field. If you want true titanium (no clothe cover)and that does seem to work ... stay way from the 'cloth' covered ones since you can't verify what is underneath unless to disassemble to necklace. I would not recommend this to anyone. <end>  Great necklace  A great necklace, but these are overpriced. I wear it all the time & never take it off. Great color choices! <end>  my grandson loves this  All the little boys are wearing these and I wanted my grandson to have one..ordered this at good price and he was pleased with it..will be ordering him more of different colors! <end>  Just Right  Thanks, this product was just what I was looking for. My daughter really liked it <end>  Looks neat, priced right but useless.  I admit it I knew better. Just because all the multi-millionaires playing baseball wear these certainly doesn't prove they have any medicinal value. However if you want to wear one to look cool this is a pretty good price. For us bigger folks this one comes larger than most. <end>  as promised on time  necklace purchased for a 10 year old. he loves it. and he paid for it, he loved the price. <end>  Phiten Necklace  It is a nice necklace, not sure if it is helping as it was advertised. <end>  pleased, but not sold  I wear the necklace regularly, but mostly for it's looks. I have not really felt the physical effects that the glossy material claims, however, I didn't really expect anything dramatic, and it was not the reason why I bought it. Overall I am pleased, and would recommend it to anyone that isn't looking for it to relieve stress or make their life make more sense! <end>  Phiten Titanium Necklace  I'v had this necklace for over a month now. I have had constant knee pain for 2 years . This product actually works. My knee pain is almost non existent. I also have a bad back. It has lessened that pain some what, but not totally . I would highly recommend this product. <end>  wish design were sharper  Photo leads one to believe the design is much sharper than it actually turns out to be. <end>  this works  PHITEN AQUA-TITANIUM NECKLACE bought one on a whim and it really works.no more neck pains in the a.m. and it looks pretty cool.just gotta remember to take it off before the shower it doesn't dry too quick!! <end>  Briefing on Phiten Titanium Necklace  Well... actually it looks really cool.. so cool that my friends are asking me to buy some more of this product for them.Regarding the effect on me, I could tell that it really works. I'm a baseball player and I haven't felt any particular pain in my body since I started wearing it!!! <end>  Feeling Great!  I but this just for what was said about it, and I have to admit, because a lot of MLB players use it, I figured, if they use it then it has to work, since I bought it and started wearing it I have not taken it off and my head, shoulders and neck feel great. <end>  Phiten Star Necklace  This necklace was for my two boys that play baseball. They really like the style and they even said it gave them energy. If it helps them in the mental aspect of their game then it the right product. I like the looks and the feel. It is soft and attractive looking. The boys wear it all the time. <end>  Orange  I ordered an Orange Phiten necklace for my kid. He loves these things, and it arrived right on time. The quality is just what was expected. The kid wears it every day. <end>  Super Fast shipping!!! Would order again  Recieved fast free shipping on Phiten necklace. Excellent price! This company provided a great product with no issues. <end>  These are great!  I don't know why I didn't get one of these earlier. I was sure if it would really work, but after trying it there is no way I will ever play a sport without wearing this! <end>  Great  This was a good item for the price...i cant really say that it is a miracle worker but it does feel pretty solid and good. if you end up not liking the way it works than its still a cool necklace to have for the price. <end>  love it!  Love this! I just wish I would have measured before I bought because it is a bit big! Would highly recommend this to anyone who is active and needs some reflief from the day to day aches and pains. <end>  Back pain is gone  I've got to say that I just love my Phiten neckace. I've suffered from mild scoliosis since I can remember, so sitting for long periods of time always gave me a bit of lower back pain. I haven't had such pain since I started to use this product. I wear it everyday, not only for sports. <end>  It actually works!  I was skeptical at first but after wearing this since Christmas, I've noticed my neck and shoulder area is noticeably looser and I've been getting some colossal cracks in my neck. I work my upper body area in the gym and at home with various chest and shoulder exercises and I've found this helps take some of the post workout stiffness away. Would recommend to a friend. <end>  Good Response  Purchased this for my son. He loves it as it it the fad among his peers. The order arrived quickly from the seller. <end>  Good purchase for teenage son  I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my teenage son. He had asked for one and after comparing several in the price range I wanted to spend, I decided on this. It looks good and he says it works for him. I would recommend this as a trial piece to decide if it works for you before purchasing one that is more expensive. <end>  Can you feel the heat too?  This is another product I bought along with a power balance bracelet in preparation for the honolulu marathon. A coworker of mine swears by this so I decided to try it out for one as soon as you put it on a slight heat surrounds your neck and you can feel something working. In general I feel better when I have it on so if it works for me it might work for you. Good luck <end>  awesome necklace!!!  While watching the baseball playoffs this fall, I couldn't help but notice the necklaces the majority of players were wearing. Looked them up and here it is. Although this specific one wasn't the one I wanted, it works for now. Not only does it make me more powerful and nearly invincible, it also allows me to be pain free!In all seriousness, these necklaces are kind of cool, save for the original nagging from the girlfriend about it looking dumb. They're marketed to help reduce pain in the neck and shoulder area, which is fine if you believe in non-traditional medicine. Since I work in the medical field, I don't buy into this marketing gimmick.Now, if these necklaces combined the amazing therapeutic effects of titanium, copper AND magnets, HOLY CRAP, WATCH OUT.Cool looking necklace, but if you're buying it for anything other than the look, you're not too smart. <end>  Worth the money  My son loves this necklace. He has asked for more Phi-tens for Christmas. Good quality and doesn't fade. <end>  Love this product  I like this product, wearing it for 5 years and I truly believe it functions well. <end>  My kid loves this necklace  He hasn't taken it off since he got it. He is 11 and it is a fad at his school. They have these in one of the sporting goods stores here but they are $30 and up- and I couldn't see paying that much for a necklace for a kid. So we ordered this one instead. It is durable, the colors are nice and bright, and my son seems very happy with it. <end>
 B000FNK6A6  1/10 cttw Round Diamond Channel-Set Single Stone 14k White Gold Ring (H-I Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  She's happy, so I am too.  I and my girlfriend (well, now fiance!) are both very poor, so she wasn't expecting much, she actually thought I was going to go with her birthstone! Normally, I hate all jewelry, especially gold, platinum, and diamonds because they are much more useful in computers and electronics than they are sitting in a jewelry box. But when it comes to the most important piece of jewelry, I couldn't go with anything but gold and diamond; she deserves it.I chose this one because she's an artist and works with her hands a lot, so I thought the channel-set would be more secure. Also, we both have very subtle fashion sense so this one was sleek and sophisticated, not gaudy. Haha, knowing how little money we had though, she was certain it was a cubic zirconia with silver band! I had to convince her it was real gold and diamond, albeit a small carat, ha! She had no idea real gold and diamond could be in my budget.The quality is excellent, I can't see any flaws.One thing  it seemed smaller than I expected when I got it. But after a short time, I found it fit her hand perfectly and it looks great. <end>
 B000FNQ0AG  3/8 ct Round Diamond Double Prong-Set Solitaire Engagement Ring 14k White Gold (H-I Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  An Elegant and Beautiful Ring  I was hestitant to order a diamond ring via the internet. Now, I am so glad I did. This ring is beautiful. The diamond sparkles and flashes with color. Given the combination of color rating, clarity, quality of cut of the diamond, and the aesthetics of the 14k white gold setting, this ring is a bargain. It a great example of classic elegance. <end>  EXCELLENT DIAMOND RING VERY IMPRESSIVE  I bought this engagement ring for my girlfriend, afraid in how it will look on the real world and this is an excellent buy. Guys if you want to score the big points with your special lady, do not hesitate to purchase this ring, is elegant, discrete and looks amazing. <end>
 B000FOJCR8  Southwestern Style Animal Track ( Raccoon, Moose, Mountain Lion, Coyote, Beaver, Gray Wolf and Bear ) Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 9 1/2, #11873 ||	  beautiful  This ring is just exactly as it's pictured, and simply gorgeous -- and Taos Trading's customer service  fantastic. Highly recommended. . . . <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I love this ring... I love wildlife especially wolves and to have their tracks in turquoise on a beautiful sterling silver ring is awesome. You can't go wrong with this one! <end>
 B000FOVQKE  Sparkling Cubic Zirconia Princess Cut Ruby Ring, 7 ||	  Pretty ring  The ring is pretty but alittle more pink than I expected. But overall pretty. <end>
 B000FP8LOC  Amber Yellow Multristrand Beaded Necklace ||	  A bit clunky - very long  This is a kind of wacky necklace - a bit fun, a bit like a little girl wearing mom's jewelry. I think it is as pictured - very yellow/orange. But, I was not prepared for the length, which I found more than a bit awkward. The wrapped portion fell just below the bra line, so that the necklace end hung, in a particularly awkward location (on me). Had it been a tad longer or a tad shorter (which was what it looks like in the picture) it would be fine. I do not think the clasp quality is very good, but for the price, I cannot complain. This necklace is kind of reminiscent of the 20s with its length, and I definitely think it could be dressed up or down - but probably won't look right with a t-shirt. <end>
 B000FPAR0S  Amber Metallic Multistrand Beaded Necklace ||	  Attractive Necklace  Very pretty summer necklace. Liked the length of it. Would like it with a blue or tan outfit. Nice weight <end>  Necklace Review  I was very pleased with the necklace I received (Amber Metallic Multristrand Collar Necklace SKU jc-4102).The combination of colors was beautiful and I felt it was good quality for the price. <end>  great product and value  I am very happy with the necklace and have gotten a lot of compliments. I bought one as a gift for a friend as well, after she admired mine. Strongly recommended. I also received the product in a timely manner, well packadged. <end>  Loved it!  I purchased this as a gift for my secret santa, and she wore it a week strait! <end>  nice accent piece!  This is a very attractive strand of beads with beautiful earth tones. Very well put together. Shipping time was quick. Cost was very reasonable. <end>
 B000FPAR1C  Earth Tone Resin Slab Pendant Necklace ||	  I love this necklace!  I get more compliments on this necklace than any other I own. It is very unique and goes with dressy and casual clothes. The only problem is that because it is such a good price, it doesn't last very long. I've had mine for about a year or so, and one of the beads is wearing the finish off. But even with that flaw, I still love this necklace! It's totally worth every penny. <end>  Love it  Wonderful necklace. I like length of the necklace and where it falls. The clasp was broke when I got it but I can still use it the way it is. But I really do love the style of it. <end>  Necklace  Didn't realize how large the pendant was - I thought it was going to be a cute little choker. It would have helped to have had the dimensions listed. <end>
 B000FPCLA2  Golden Slab Beaded Resin Pendant Necklace ||	  Pieces of earth!  Golden Slab Beaded Resin Pendant Necklace. This necklace is beautiful and exquisitely crafted. This necklace is a one of a kind piece of jewelry that most women would love. The necklace its self is made out of thin durable cotton string, with beautiful beading place on it. In addition, I believe it is good thing that some of the profits from the sell of this necklace will go to helping others. <end>  Love it  This necklace is really pretty. It doesn't look cheap at all. i truly love the length. It is not too long neither too short. Definitely love it! <end>
 B000FPDOBC  Multistrand Ooty Necklace with Metallic Pendant ||	  nice looking but needs to fit a bit smaller  Looks cool and good colors are used, but I can't adjust it small enough to where I like where sits on my chest. Even the smallest I can get it, it still hangs too low. Will still wear just wished there were more settings to adjust it! <end>  beaded necklace  I was pleasantly surprised to see this necklace.. I love it.. the multi-strand beads are pretty and the focal pendant is interesting.. it is a full size pendant-- buy it. <end>  cheap jewelry  I did not like this piece. It did not fit my neck and it looked like it would break a moments notice. I returned this back with the another necklace that DID break twice, awaiting my refund. Not ordering from this company again <end>  Beautiful!  I wore this yesterday with a sand/gold colored silk tee and capris. Got oodles of compliments! Very pretty! <end>
 B000FPGNBA  PalmBeach Jewelry 2.42 TCW Princess-Cut Cubic Zirconia 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Ring ||	  beautiful ring!!!  this is a very beautiful ring. i bough this ring as a promise ring. i wanted to give it to me girlfriend on feb. 14 valentines day, but the the ring arrived late  / i paid for expedited shipping but didnt arrive on time. the seller was more than happy to refund me for the shipping. i decided to return the ring and repurchase it later in the future because i might use it as a proposal ring when my 3 year anniversary with my girlfriend comes up. i would highly recommend this ring. very beautiful and very worth the time. <end>
 B000FPIQBU  PalmBeach Jewelry Synthetic Blue Sapphire Pendant 18&quot; Chain ||	  great looking piece  I was suprized at the quality and looks of this product. It is very eye catching. For the price , it is a great value. Totally satisfied. <end>
 B000FPIQG0  Multi-Color Genuine Jade Cubic Zirconia Accent Sterling Silver 8-Piece Interchangeable Ring Set ||	  Bought and love this set for alot less money at Limoges Jewelry online  The set is great but this price is ridiculous. I paid $25 for mine. They are the same rings. Heads up folks. Be sure to shop around before you buy these. <end>  Fun ring  I wanted a jade ring, but I wanted one more universal looking and not as "Asian" looking as all the ones I would find. When I found this one I liked that it looks different than most jade rings. It is a pretty ring. Very delicately shaped. Nicely finished quality. And it is a fun ring since it is versatile to wear  1. Wear the silver with the jade insert and change the color jade rings. 2. I also wear them stacked by themselves, without the silver insert. 3. And I also wear one jade ring then stack the silver with jade insert, and on top another jade ring. My only concern is that the jade inserts are very thin and I am afraid they will break easily. That is why I gave it only 4 stars. I wished the ring was a little wider, so the jade inserts would be thicker. <end>  Not true to size  I love this set. But its definately not true to size. I have fairly small fingers. I wanted to wear it as a right hand ring, which I am a 7. 6 1/2 on my left hand. It does not fit on my right hand finger, only on my left. Very disappointing, because I wear a promise ring on my left hand. If I want to wear this set, I'll have to remove my promise ring which I haven't done in the 8 months that I've owned it  ( <end>  tarnished  I ordered this ring for myself. I'm glad that I didn't have it shipped to someone for a gift. The packaging was nice but the ring itself was tarnished. It was dark gray with spots of silver. It looked like a cheap ring you get out of a bubble gum machine for a quarter! I didn't want to hassle with returning it so I cleaned it with Tarnex. It looked much better but still did not look like the picture advertised. I will return it if it turns my finger green while wearing it. I am very dissapointed with this product. <end>
 B000FPWU2Q  Cute Stretchy Natural Agate Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>  Lovely Colored Agate Chip Bracelet  The color combinations of the agate chips  peachy, mauvey, creamy and such, make this a lovely chip bracelet. <end>
 B000FPWU30  Cute Stretchy Peruvian Blue Opal Chip Bracelet ||	  PRETTY - LARGER CHIPS  The chips were 2x larger than the other chip bracelets. Pale and pretty. Accurate pic. <end>
 B000FPYXP8  Cute Stretchy Blue Howlite Turquoise Chip Bracelet ||	  It is Pretty, but...  This is a very nice bracelet for people who like a solid blue color in turquoise. I like turquoise that has some veining, so I was disappointed with this one and returned it. <end>  very nice Bracelet  I have large wrist and this bracelet fits great. It also looks good on my larger wrist. Not all bracelets do. The stones in the one I got are good size and have great color. <end>  turquoise chip bracelet  Cute Stretchy Blue Howlite Turquoise Chip Braceleti bought four of these as stocking stuffers. i cant believe the low price, with quality. $4.95 which included shipping for all four. HSBTR <end>  Great value on bracelets  I was pleasantly surprised at how cute these bracelets are. I was trying to match bracelets to a Sleeping Beauty Turquoise necklace I have and they worked perfectly. I bought an extra in hopes to have earrings made, too.Shipment was very fast and an excellent transaction all around. <end>
 B000FQ0K4U  Turquoise Temptations Sequined/Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Amazing quality!!!  This company makes fantastic products! Very good quality and fast shipping too! I highly recommend their jewelry. <end>  Looked cheap.  This item was a disappointment to me. I thought it would be a fun bracelet to wear when I didn't want to wear expensive jewelry. But, it looked really cheap. It would be great for a teenager/child, but not for an adult woman. <end>
 B000FQ0LI0  Pugster Laser Friends 4 Ever Italian Charm Bracelet ||	  Its not what i espected  I feel I was riped off because they make you think is a bracelet and it is only a link. it is not worth 12.99 <end>
 B000FQ0Q5S  Cute Stretchy African Jade Chip Bracelet ||	  They Make Great Gifts  These bracelets make great little gifts for the office. I put them in all the ladies Christmas stockings last year and they were a big hit. Since they were so inexpensive, I was able to give everyone a gift. <end>
 B000FQ848Y  Emerald Green Pipe Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Very Good Looking and Well Made.  I bought several of these braclets to give as Christmas gifts. Everyone I gave one to was very well received. They are very well made and not flimsey as some of the beaded bracelets I've purchased. <end>  Good product for the price  This bracelet looked very nice in person and I am very happy with it for the price I paid. It was a gift for my sister's birthday. She loved it. Just won't work if you have larger wrists. <end>
 B000FS5FKC  Sterling Silver Purse Shape Prayer Box with Hands of God and CZ Stone ||	  This is better in person  I have been looking for a prayer box and when I found this one I loved it. When it came it was better than I thought it looked on line I loved it. Great service. <end>  Prayer Box  Chain is a bit on the short side but the item is wonderful and exactly as shown. Very quick shipping. <end>
 B000FS5FKW  Sterling Silver Prayer Box Tubular Shape with floral Design ||	  Prayer Box  Beautiful and intricately designed; this piece is large enough to see the detailing, use the clasp and even slip a prayer inside. Bought this and a Bali chain from Sabrina Silver for my GF and she absolutely loved it! You will not be disappointed with this one! <end>  I love this little tube!  This is quite pretty and easy to slip a prayer list into. The only problem I have is connecting the clasp. (it may only be my age) <end>  Sterling Silver Prayer Box  The product is of very good quality. It made a nice present. It was received on schedule in good condition. <end>  Beautiful  This is a beautiful and well-crafted piece of sterling silver jewelry. I love it! <end>  Very nice  I gave it to my mom for mother's day. She loved it. The necklace is beautiful and I was happy to find it since most of the box necklaces are religiously associated(and we're not). It's a very different looking piece of jewelry and the shipping was right on time. However..I keep reviewing this product and Amazon keeps asking me to do it again...WHY! <end>  frail chain  love the prayer box. it is quite intricate. my objection is to the chain that came along with it; which feels very fragile. in fact, i am afraid to wear it until i can get a more substantial chain. <end>  Sterling Silver Prayer Box  I love this pendant. I wear it all the time. I'm happy with the quality. I think it's above average. The item was described accurately. I received it in a timely manner. I would recommend it to my friends. <end>  Beautiful piece  This necklace arrived promptly and in beautiful condition. The clasp on the chain and the clasp on the prayer box very secure. I wear it every day and am thrilled with it. It can also be worn with another necklaces. <end>  Exactly what I was looking for!  This item came quickly and was exactly as represented in the picture.It is heavier quality and lays nicely, with the toggle in the front. The lid seals tightly and the rubber/hard plastic insert in the cap keeps anything inside secure from outside elements.While it is listed as a "prayer box", the design on the outside is not overtly religious and could be viewed as non-religious if you so wish.Nice quality for the price. I would definitely recommend this as an option if you're looking for a locket-type necklace. <end>  Stunning!!  This prayer box is VERY WELL made and stunning. It's beautiful. The chain is a bit cheesy though and you might like the prayer box with a black silk cord instead of the silver box chain. <end>  Sterling Silver Prayer Box Tubular Shape with Floral Design  This is a stellar, non-religious, and unique piece of jewelry. The design is perfectly detailed and enhances the product's beauty. It sits at just over and inch tall, but fits perfectly as a neck piece in both size and weight. The parchment I slipped inside stayed dry even when I wore the piece in the shower - the hinged lid closes very tight. If you are looking for an unique piece for your collection, or a prayer/ spell box, I would highly recommend this piece. I absolutely love it. <end>
 B000FS5FL6  Sterling Silver Prayer Box Tubular Shape with floral Design ||	  Wish it aligned properly  First, the prayer box was sent without the chain, but the seller was very nice about correcting that quickly. I love the box but wish that the catch aligned with the front of the bail, as in the picture. In reality, the catch is on the side, which makes it lay oddly. <end>  Perfect. Thank you very much. It is really very beautiful.  Perfect. Thank you very much. It is really very beautiful and it was send carefully and quickly. <end>  Amulet  Very nice. Good craftsman ship. Was what is was advertised as. The chain should have been heavier considering the weight of the amulet. All in all very satisfied. <end>
 B000FS7550  Sterling Silver 2.25mm Fancy Chain Necklace (Available in 7, 8, 16, 18, 20, and 24 Inches Sizes) ||	  16" SHOULD BE LESS THAN 18" ITEM NEEDS TO BE CORRECTED  PLEASE CHANGE AMOUNTS SO SOMEONE CAN ORDER THE 16". 18' IS 12.99 AND THE 16" IS 19.99?ONCE YOU MAKE THE CORRECTIONS I WILL ORDER <end>
 B000FSB04M  Sterling Silver Prayer Box with Leaves ||	  sterling silver prayer box with leaves  This was beautiful and of high quality. I received it very quickly, more quickly than expected. <end>  Cute But Won't Stay Closed  This necklace is incredibly cute! When I received it, I immediately jotted something down and put it in the box. However, the lid will not stay closed when worn! I have not been able to wear it again since the box hangs from the hinge on the lid, wide open. <end>
 B000FSFMB4  Sterling Silver Mens Solid Designer Bar Link Bracelet 8.5 ||	  Sterline Silver Mens Solid Designer Bar Link Bracelet  Sterling Silver Mens Solid Designer Bar Link Bracelet 8.5Well satisfied with the quality of the subject item and very pleased with the timely shipment. <end>
 B000FSFMRS  Sterling Silver Snake Chain Heart Pendant with 24" Chain ||	  How to ruin a special gift.  I bought this product as a special gift for a 15 year girl. I understood it would be sent by a third company so you could not gift wrap it. So I asked at least not to send the price. You recommended me to write directly to the manufacturer which I did, but I never got a response. The result... my gift arrived late, she never knew who had sent it, it was not wrappped, and had a price tag NICELY attached... <end>
 B000FSHIJ8  14K Princess Simulated Diamond Cross Pendant w/ Chain ||	  14k sim. diamond cross  I think the chain is too small for the cross, but otherwise I am happy with it. <end>
 B000FSIYBY  14K Gold Bizmark Link "Love" Anklet with Diamond Accent - 9" ||	  Dainty and Elegant  I'm really glad I purchased this anklet. I always buy products that say "Live, Laugh, Love" or simply "Love" and this of course was no exception. I wear this gold anklet every single day, and although it looks extremely dainty, its actually quite sturdy. I do wish that the "Love" was a little bit bigger so that it would be more visible from a distance. Overall though, I'm very satisfied with the anklet! <end>  Netaya  This is my third purchase from Netaya and I a pleased. This item arrived in a timely fashion and I look forward to doing more business with Netaya in the near future. <end>
 B000FSIZIG  14K White & Yellow 2.00ct Diamond Pave Reversible Hoop Earrings ||	  Amazing  I wear these earrings almost every day. They go great with jeans, work clothes and with an evening gown alike, with white or yellow gold, silver & costume jewelry. They are comfortable to wear and beautiful. <end>
 B000FSMZYG  Sterling Silver Diamond Shiny & Matte Cuff Bracelet ||	  Poor Craftsmanship  This is a real nice bracelet, the problem is where the shiny part meet the matte part. The line seperating the the two is very rough, some parts that should be matte is shiny & some parts that should be shiny is matte. For a bracelet to list for a price of 400.00 should have showed better Quality & Craftsmanship. I should have returned this item, but I dont have the time nor the patience. I notified Netaya by email about the problem, but I got no reply. <end>
 B000FSU5PC  Fancy Pendant Chain Necklace Sterling Silver 1.00mm (Available in Different Sizes) ||	  Very nice  I needed a shorter and more robust chain for my 4 yr old's necklace which she wears all the time. This one is perfect. In fact, I need to order a second one for someone else. I am quite pleased with it. It's held up nicely and isn't prone to tarnish. She wears is 24/7 and has done since it came. You won't be sorry with this purchase. <end>  Silver Chain Necklace  Sterling Silver 1.00mm Fancy Pendant Chain Necklace (Available in Different Sizes)This chain looks very delicate and seems to be of fine quality. It works very well with the teardrop crystal pendents. I'm very pleased with this purchase. <end>  A decent silver chain at a decent price  I purchased this chain because it had several good reviews and because I was attracted to the idea of a "pendant chain," which is exactly what I was looking for--a simple silver chain that I could use for several different pendants. Also, I don't like many traditional serpentine or rope styles, and so I also chose this chain because the pattern appeared a bit different, at least from what I could discern by the grainy photos. Even after receiving the chain, however, I would be hard-pressed to describe the design; it almost seems to be a twisting style. As other reviewers have mentioned, it IS quite shiny, although I did NOT find it to be too thin. If anything, this chain is not quite as delicate in appearance as I would have liked (perhaps that is my own fault for not ordering a thinner size, but based on the reviews, I was worried that a thinner size might be too flimsy). So, overall, this is not a bad chain  it seems sturdy, has a clasp that functions fine, and does have a pretty, shiny look. But, it definitely doesn't strive to be anything more than what it is, which is a very inexpensive silver chain. <end>  Great chain  This is a beautiful chain of great quality. Can be worn alone or with a pendant or charm. I would order from this vendor again. <end>  Its okay  Im not sure what i was expecting, the chain is pretty and the silver is very shiny but it is extremely thin so be careful that when you order it that you are looking for a thin chain and not a thicker one because this is absolutely thin. The clasp is also rather difficult to hook at times. Over all though I am still reasonably pleased with my purchase and i am just going to buy a different pendant for it <end>
 B000FSUET4  Cable Chain Necklace Sterling Silver 2.75mm (Available in Different Sizes) ||	  very pleased with purchase  the chain was better than expected, the quality and weight of chain was excellent. I am very satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Good looking chain  Good quility silver. Havent had to clean it yet and ive had it for about a year now and it still looks like the day i purchased it. Its not too big nor to thin. Just the right size. I definately recommend. <end>
 B000FUBQP8  Boston Red Sox Sock Stud Earrings ||	  Sox earrings  These earrings are cute, but the sox both face the same direction. That means that the pair of sox on your left ear faces backwards. And there is no way to make them face forwards. The sox should have been cut out as opposites, rather than identical. <end>
 B000FV040U  Clearly Charming January Garnet Color Paw Print Birthstone Cat Dog Bear Animal Theme Italian Charm ||	  pawprint birth stone  This was a gift for someone. when i received it and looked at them they were just as expected and she loved it. <end>
 B000FV0414  Clearly Charming March Aquamarine Color Paw Print Birthstone Cat Dog Bear Animal Theme Italian Charm ||	  pawprint birthstone  This was a gift for someone. when I reeived it and looked at them they were just as expected. she loved. it <end>
 B000FW2MDQ  Solid Stainless Steel Link Bracelet, 8 inch long ||	  I got what I paid for  The item always looks a bit better when pictured but yet pleased with the bracelet. It is a simple and elegant design for a great price. I would purchase from this line again. <end>  Great product.  This bracelet looks great and the price is right. I have a skinny wrist, so I needed a bracelet that was adjustable, theres only a few on here that are adjustable and this one was the nicest. It was very easy to adjust with the right tool, I used a flat head from a watch repair kit. The pins snap into place after you've taken out a piece. <end>  Nice bracelete  Great looking bracelet. It has a dull brushed look which is perfect if u have a stainless steel watch that is similar. Bracelet is mid weight, not too heavy. Very nice!Vendor has great customer service and friendly. <end>
 B000FW51K2  Stainless Steel Square Shape, Cufflinks Striped Pattern ||	  Very nice for the price  I was very pleased when I saw these cufflinks...very nice looking & feel quite substantial. Got them for a gift & recipient was very pleased with them. Highly recommend this item <end>
 B000FW7UJW  Solid Stainless Steel Cable Golf Bracelet, 8 inch long with Magnets ||	  Solid  I've been wearing this bracelet for at least two years now. In and out of the shower, playing golf, rarely take it off. Still looks the same as the day I bought. Does it actually work? I don't know, but it doesn't hurt. <end>
 B000FX2N8O  Green Amber Indian Feather Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  amber earrings  love the earrings they match my ring beautifully. They are a solid piece of jewelry and well worth getting. <end>
 B000FXSRJS  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 6-6.5mm Black Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  Great Company  I bought this item for someone for Christmas but when it arrived, I was unhappy with the product. I returned it. The company contacted me and inquired, then went above and beyond to make sure that I came away from the experience a happy customer. I was very impressed by how passionate this company is about making their customers happy and I will most certainly buy from them again because I KNOW they care about quality and about customer satisfaction. THANK YOU Augustine Jewelry for your personal attention to your customers and your dedication to quality. <end>
 B000FXUS6I  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 7-7.5mm Black Pearl Pendant, 16" Sterling Silver 1MM Cable Chain ||	  love it!!!! GREAT BUY...  I just love love love this pearl pendant...it goes with everything; which is great since I'm just your typical jeans and t-shirt kind of girl...I did however buy a new chain seeing as how the one that accompanied the pearl was too flimsy for me. Other than that, the product is great. <end>
 B000FXVZTM  Microphone Mic Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  A nice gift  This is a great gift for a male. I had ordered it for my granddaughter but it was a little too masculine. I really liked it. The adjustable rope was great for all ages. Even though I am returning it, it is a nice gift for all those male singers as a reminder of their passion. <end>
 B000FXVZVU  Chinese Friendship Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  elegant  I bought this necklace for my friend even though she's not chinese because we have an awesome friendship and she loved it and really fast shipping! Thanks! <end>  Beautiful necklace  I ordered two of these necklaces and they came today. Beautiful with excellent craftsmanship beyond their price. I recommend these if you have someone special, especially Chinese, with whom you would like to share a symbol of your friendship. <end>
 B000FXW1H2  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Round Shape 9-9.5mm Black Pearl / 18K White Gold Pendant, 16" 14K white gold chain ||	  Quick delivery, good quality and good customer service  I ordered the Pendent on Friday, it arrived one day after. The black pearl is in good quality and the chain looks gorgeous. At first, I thought I received a Sterling Silver chain because I didn't see '14K' on the ring of the chain. So I wrote an e-mail to the customer service, they replied my e-mail promptly saying " 14K Gold  In the United States, 14-karat gold is used most commonly for jewelry. Fourteen-karat gold is 14/24ths, or slightly more than one-half pure gold. Jewelry of this fineness is marked "14k" or "585," the European designation meaning 58.5 percent gold. ". The chain I received was made in Italy and it has '585' instead of '14K' on the ring of the chain. It is a good purchase experience. Thanks. <end>
 B000FXXRSE  Treble Clef Music Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace ||	  Delightful and inexpensive  Very happy with this necklace. It is very elegant, and the photo is a very good representation. The only thing you can't see, is that it's much flatter on the reverse side, not completely rounded (which was nothing to me). I am not sure what the rope it comes on is made of, but it is not flimsy. It is also (despite other reviews) adjustable; you simply have to figure out how it slides in two places. I plan on replacing it (which requires cutting it), but definitely not necessary.The only issue I have had with this pendant is the material; but this is my fault, not something wrong with the pewter. I am very inexperienced with jewelry, and did not know what to expect with pewter. It is very nice and elegant, but it is also rather matte (not shiny). This is actually a plus for me; however, I discovered they really do not make chains or necklaces to properly match pewter. The closest thing that I found was sterling silver, and it was still quite shiny in comparison. This is just personal taste, but I thought I would put that out there.Very happy. <end>  Music pendant necklace from Amazon  I ordered the Treble Clef Music Symbol in Pewter for my daughter, a music major in college. It is lovely. Elegant in its simplicity, cute on the silk cord, but easily dressed up if you put the pendant on a chain. <end>  Very Pleased  Just got my necklace and am very pleased with the piece of jewelry I received. Im always a little nervous when buying items online because you're never 100% sure you will get the item being represented on the site. However, no worries here. Its exactly as pictured, beautifully crafted, and the presentation in which it was received (black velvet pouch) was a very nice additive. I look forward to wearing it. <end>  Satisfied  This was just a little something extra for our daughter for Christmas, she loves music. It is adjustable, it's as described. You're not getting a $50 necklace for $10, you do get what you pay for. Good for a twelve year old who can ear it everyday and to bed, it seems pretty sturdy, I don't think it'll break easy. <end>  worried about the length, but it's adjustable!  After reading the previous reviews about the extremely short length of the necklace I figured I would have to buy a new chain for the pendant. When it arrived however I was happy to discover that the rope was adjustable and looks really nice with the pewter pendant. The item arrived two days before I expected it and I am sure my daughter will love it when she opens it for her birthday.Treble Clef Music Symbol Pewter Pendant Necklace <end>  Love it!  Beautiful pendant with nice detailing and good heft to it -- and it arrived within a week of the order date. Will definitely order again from Dan's. <end>  Just right!  Pewter gives this piece a rich, yet casual look. Love the cord necklace too-- a nice fit for the everyday vibe! <end>  It was what I expected  The shipping was fast and the necklace was what I expected... I've ordered other cheep Jewry from amazon and the pendant was smaller then a fingernail.. This was not the case here. The pendant is about the size depicted in the picture and shipping was fast. <end>  Excellent value  My daughter needed this product as a gift, we ordered the jewelry and it came sooner than expected. Great experience <end>  not charming but ok  Not the most charming or delicate. It looks nicer in the picture. Fast delivery, I guess for the price it was OK, as long as one gets "super saver" in shipping. <end>  VERY SMALL  I like statement kind of jewelry so if you are like me, this is not for you. Petite is what I would call this. Its nice but too small for this girl. The vendor is great with timely shipping so there is nothing wrong with the vendor so do not misconstrue that with what I am saying. <end>  don't bother unless the person wearing it has a tiny head!!!  I mean really really tiny (think of a teeny tiny head, like after head shrinkers are finished). I returned this the same day but I'm out the shipping charges both ways!! what a rip off!!I wonder why this company makes a product that is not usable. <end>  not as described  I am pleased with the pendant but very dissatisfied with it as a necklace. In its description it clearly says, and I quote, "Comes ready to wear with a jewelry black rope necklace", well only if you have an EXTREMELY small head. The small black rope doesn't open nor adjust, making it absolutely impossible to wear it as a necklace! I bought this as a gift for my graduating piano student and won't be able to use it. <end>
 B000FZ3U8O  Celtic Knot Eternal Heart Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Butterflys within hearts!  I know this is supposed to be a Celtic knot...but everyone I meet tells me the same thing...it looks like a butterfly within a heart! I ALWAYS get compliments on these earrings, they are lightweight and dont catch in my long hair.Beautiful, priced well, and from one of the BEST sellers on the internet  Silver Insanity! <end>  These were perfect  I bought these earrings along with the matching neclace as a wedding present for my mother-in-law and she loved them. They are the perfect size; not to big and not to small. They set is just so pretty and matches any outfit. <end>  Nice earrings  These are nice simple earrings. My girlfriend likes them, so it was a good purchase.My only issue is that shipping them through US mail, there is no way to track the progress, but a simple e-mail to the seller, and she promptly gave me a status of the delivery. <end>
 B000FZ3U9I  Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Trinity Knot Adjustable 18" Necklace ||	  great!  This company is wonderful. They ship almost immediately, the items look exactly as expected, and this necklace in particular has been worn around my neck daily for the last year+ since our handfasting. I get compliments from strangers about it almost daily. <end>  Beautiful  I was a little leery of buying this because I read a review that said the chain was flimsy. I have to disagree. I wear this necklace every day and haven't had a problem. I also have to say I get complimented on this necklace just about everywhere I go. I highly recommend this purchase. <end>  Awful Product Quality/Customer Service  Product was recieved with a large portion of the chain jet black with tarnish. Sent several e-mails out for return inquiries and have yet to recieve an answer (15 days since first e-mail) Terrible company, would not recommend purchasing from company at this time... <end>  Like it!  The product shipped from silver insanity quickly - got here in just a few business days. No problems with the product except that it's a very bright silver. That's not a bad thing, just not my taste. I posted a product image of what it looks like now that I've darkened it using the hard-boiled egg method. It's great now! <end>  A very beautiful necklace!  I am a fan of celtic jewelry and I loved this necklace! It`s little smaller I expected, but it's really beautiful. <end>  Great gift  Bought this for my (Irish) significant other, she loved it. The necklace actually combines 2 common Irish symbols. A good buy, and it seems of quality material and construction. <end>  My wife loved it!  I purchased this necklace for my wife and she just loved it. It is made of good quality. I also received it 3 days earlier than projected. <end>
 B000FZWJLS  Multicolor Crystal Chip and Turquoise Nugget bracelet ||	  Not a Happy Camper  I received my bracelet and wore it a total of 2 times and the bracelet snapped a part -- losing most of the Gems that fell apart on the street.Was never able to recover not even half of the gems to restore this bracelet. <end>
 B000G08Z74  Oval Sapphire CZ Bracelet Accented with Diamond CZs ||	  Blue Sapphire Bracelet  I like this bracelet and am happy with the purchase. The sapphires are a very nice shade of deep blue and the size is perfect for me too! I think that this product is a little over priced though! If the price comes down a bit, this will be a great buy! <end>
 B000G0AOP0  Designer Inspired Celtic Knot Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet ||	  Perfect  I bought two for the girls in my bridal party. It's a very pretty yet simple bracelet. I would highly recommend it. <end>  My daughter was absolutely thrilled!  On Christmas morning, my daughter opened this and was ecstatic. She loves the bracelet! <end>
 B000G0APTU  Hannah's Formal Baguette Blue CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  My daughter loved it!  Our very "picky" daughter just loved this when she received it for a gift last year. She said the quality was very good and the color was just beautiful. From her that is a real compliment! <end>  Very poor quality  Item arrived with one of the little diamonds missing. Also, two of the prongs that hold the sapphires are too long, so they catch on my wife's shirt sleeve. We are returning it for a refund. At lease Eve's has a good refund policy; we'll see if they live up to it. <end>
 B000G0DJRK  CZ Sterling Silver Nature Charm Anklet ||	  Sterling Silver CZ Charm Anklet  Beautifully made Sterling Silver Anklet. Has a nice weight to it and you can tell from the intricate details that it is well made. Like that it has an extension part of the anklet so it can either be 9 or 10 inches. Very pleased with purchase and hope to get lots of joy from wearing it over the years to come  ) Thanks <end>
 B000G0K6TY  Beautiful! 14k White-gold Pair 6.5mm=(2CT TW) Round Moissanite Stud Earrings ||	  Unbelievable  Have been shopping for a large pair of quality stud earrings for my wife for a long time. I could not justify spending ten of thousands of dollars for a "real" diamond, but the CZs looked completely fake. Came across the Moissanite product, researched it and am pleased beyond belief. No one can tell these are not "real" when worn. My wife is ecstatic and I get a new set of golf clubs! <end>
 B000G2S7N4  Forzieri Polished Sterling Silver Horse Shoe Cuff Links ||	  Forzieri Polished Sterling Silver Horse Shoe Cuff Links  It was good but the color changed. <end>
 B000G3M4XC  Akoya cultured black pearl stud earring (4.5-5mm) ||	  Nice earrings  These are a nice black and are the smaller size. My only issue is the clasp (I guess you'd call it that) on the back. The edges were rough and irritated the back of my ear, so I replaced them with some spares I had. Otherwise, I really liked them. <end>
 B000G3M4XM  Akoya cultured pink pearl stud earring (4.5-5mm) ||	  Nice earrings  These aren't as pink as the picture shows - they are more a blush tone. But the luster is high, and the quality good. For the $15 price I paid they are a great value. I am well pleased with them. <end>
 B000G6DX8O  Pugster Murano Glass Green Blade Necklace Pendant ||	  Not so nice....  The photo of this necklace is not the same as the actual necklace. If you hold it up to the light it may appear the same, but when you put it on.... it doesn't reflect the colors..... Pretty disappointed. I got two different necklaces and they are the same.... Will not buy anymore. <end>
 B000G7KPKC  Pirates of the Caribbean Elizabeth Swann Necklace Replica ||	  Pirates of the Caribbean Elizabeth Swann Necklace Replica  Pirates of the Caribbean Elizabeth Swann Necklace ReplicaI think this piece of jewelry is beautiful. I am not a child, but I love wearing it. It is a nice solid heavy gold coin piece of jewelry, on a nice long gold linked chain. It falls well over clothing and, if I didn't know better, I would think it was real gold. It looks just as it did in the picture and is just as it was described. I have received many compliments. I am a big fan of Pirates of the Caribbean and when I am wearing it, I feel as though I am wearing the real thing. It is a beautiful replica and is truly fun to wear! Marlene <end>  Great replica  I actually happened to be watching Curse of the Black Pearl when this was delivered, so I was able to compare it to the one on screen. The replica quality is really great and the coin is nice and heavy. I even like the chain it's on. This is a great product. <end>  Necklace was perfect!  I was getting this necklace for my sister. Which will go with her dress that a friend made. A Elizabeth Swann like dress. We saw the same necklace somewhere else bought it then, because we were not sure if this necklace would come in time for the pirate party. It happen to be it came on the same day we bought the other one. Mom wanted to know what should we do with the one from online. I said I want to where it why should Elizabeth get all the nice stuff. It went perfectly with my costume too. I also wore it to the third Pirate movie. Later on this year I'm going to were my costume and the necklace to our local Renaissance Festival. So, if your looking for something to add to your costume or have a memento from the pirate movies. Then I highly recommend this product. <end>  very nice  looks very real, its a great accessory to my bag as a gold medallion of sorts. would by again, defiantly. <end>  Gift  Bought it as a gift for someone, so can't really say much but the person I bought it for said she liked it so I guess that's good enough  P <end>  Love this necklace!!  This necklace is almost an exact replica to the real prop used in Pirates of the Caribbean 1. The only difference is an aztec symbol on the other side of the necklace. After a few months of owning this necklace, nothing has broken and still looks in near mint condition (the gold plating is starting to wear off). This is one of my favorite neklaces and I wear it often. If you buy this, I highly reccomend taking good care of it if you want it to last long (treating it carefully, etc.). Overall, this is an awesome product for Pirate fans. <end>  Super fast delivery  Purchased this for a tween girl's last minute birthday request. Really wasn't expecting it to arrive until next week, but it arrived in 2 days just in time for the birthday party. She was very excited and happy. <end>  Crap  This was not a 14k gold plated necklace. One reviewer said that she would wear it out where ever, it was that nice. I disagree completely. It was fine for the Halloween costume I bought it for, but no way would I wear it anywhere else. <end>  love it!!  i saw this necklane in a mall and i wanted to get and i didn't but in the picture it didn't look the same it was better it is small but i love wearing it. you can of this movie buy it!! <end>  Okay necklace  This is not an exact copy. So far, I have not been able to find an exact copy. The chain is a good length, but very flimsy. It is often bent is places, and probably will break easily. The medallion itself is smaller then the one in the movie, and the two sides of the coin are not the same. On the back, there is an aztec drawing, which I actually find very interesting. The coin does not feel like plastic, but does feel like a real coin. So, if you are looking for an exact copy, do not look here. If it does not matter if it looks exactly the same, I highly recommend this product. <end>  Great necklace for the price  This is a really nice necklace for the price. I bought it for my son, to give to him when we go to our surprise trip to Disney. He is going to love it! <end>  Awesome Replica  Bought this for my daughter. She loves it. Her friends in school immediately recognized the necklace. The coin details and necklace look awesome and also slightly tarnished for the aged look. I should have bought 10 more for gifts for other friends who like Pirates of the Carribean. <end>  Looks perfect.  Got already a number of those. For myself, kids and for Ms. Swann's "replica" herself. <end>  Fits the purpose  It is rather heavy wich gives it a very real feel. It isn't some fake plastic thing. Very durable, I hang it in my car and it gets whacked by a lot of things and it is still intact. I love pirates of the carribean! <end>  Pirates Gold Coin Medallion  This was for my daughter. She loves anything to do with Pirates of the Caribean or Pirates in general. She wears this necklace alot but must be careful for it will tarnish. <end>  Aztec Gold  Product recieved promptly; I intend to place the medallion into a sturdy, gold-like rim which is attached to a heavier chain to display it more appropriately. I hope to wear it aboard the Lady Washington this summer. (the ship appears as the Interceptor in the first POTC film.) Thanks! <end>  Pirates Booty  As an adult I can't say this is fun, but I love the necklace and enjoy the comments from others whenever i wear it. It's well made and perfect for some of my outfits. Everyone should have one. <end>  Excellent Replica of Pirate Necklace  I bought this necklace to complete my Elizabeth Swann Costume (my husband was Jack Sparrow). It looks exactly like the one in the movie! It is heavy (solid) and I got lots of complements on it! Loved it! <end>  Nice  I ordered this item just a few days ago and it arrived a day earlier then stated. When it arrived it was in nice packaging with everything you need to know about the item. It is highly detailed with a very nice look the the coating.The only draw back I find to this item is the chain. While the coin part seems like it will last forever, the chain seems like it can break with the slightest pull of the wind. The clasp is also very cheap and does not seem like it will last long.Over all however I find it a very nice piece for the price. <end>  it was exactly what he wanted, but chain broke right away.  It was just what he wanted (he loves the movies) but chain broke right away. Fixable, but still.... <end>  meh  I'm kinda disgusted that this cost me $40. It doesn't even look like the one in the picture, its a uniform fake gold color, looks kinda like metal, and sounds like it, but is as light as cheap plastic.However, it is a decent replica (except for the back which is some weird Aztec symbol). I will wear it in public, but I seriously question the chain's durability. For as much as it cost though I will wear it a lot, those who love the movie will recognize it quickly I would think, but those who aren't that into it will most likely give me odd looks as I'm not the type to have anything to do with skulls. And I must admit, if you don't recognize what it represents it is a rather gruesome image. Honestly, not worth the money unless you are a huge fan of the movies. <end>  Looks cool, but too small.  I ordered this thing just for fun, but I gave it to a friend for a graduation gift because it wasn't what I was looking for.Pros  Looks okay, price was fair.Cons  DOESN'T LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE, smaller than the real prop, feels kinda cheap.If your looking for something to make a costume than this will do. But any self respecting pirate would try and find a better one. After all everyone knows the fake ones won't turn you into a skeleton at nigh, duh. <end>  watch out  There seems to be several kinds of the coin all made by master replica. the one I bought dose not have antique finish like i would love it to have. but i can pretend its new, even though id like it just like the movie. and the chain is so thin. <end>
 B000G7P192  Glamorous Sterling Silver and CZ Double Stud Earrings ||	  cz double stud earrings  These are exactly what I was looking for. The description and picture matched exactly what I needed and I can't take them off! Would definitely recommend. <end>  CZ studs Eve's Addiction  Pretty, but poor quality. The post broke off when I was trying to put them on the first time. <end>
 B000G7T7LA  Cubic Zirconia Peardrop Dangles ||	  CZ Peardrop Dangles  I ordered these for my cousins wedding and they looked absolutely stunning and hung perfect all night long! Definitely ordering again! <end>  Bla  They were not as nice as I wanted them to be, I ended up returning them. I was expecting them to have more "sparkle", but they were pretty dull looking. <end>
 B000G7TDZU  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Weave Band ||	  My everyday ring  True as advertised! I wear this ring in place of my wedding ring because the center stone on it kept catching on everything. I like this ring because it is feminine without having a big stone sticking up off of it. I bought this ring almost a year ago and I still get compliments on it. Great ring at a great price! Thanks Eve!! <end>
 B000G7TEKE  Heather's Thin Canary and Clear Stackable CZ Band ||	  Good for the price  I like the ring ok. I bought 2 to use as a ring guard for past, present and future ring. It did not work for what I intended, but to pretty to return. <end>  Extremely uncomfortable but nice  This ring is very pretty but it hurt the inside of my middle and pinky fingers due to the roughness of the prongs surrounding the stones. Had to return it and take a loss on shipping. <end>
 B000G7VV00  Crown Set Diamond Star Cut 6mm CZ Studs ||	  Wear these almost every day  I love these earrings. I wear them almost everyday. I orignally bought a pair three years ago and lost one this summer at Universal Studios in Orlando. I was so mad! I thought I could live without them and tried to wear other studs for a few months but nothing felt right or made me happy. I bought myself a new pair and I'm back in business. The crown setting is super cute, people who notice it compliment me on it all the time. They're big(ish) but I wear expensive clothing and carry expensive handbags and they fit right in with the rest of my wardrobe. If you're questioning if you should buy them or not, buy them. You won't regret it. <end>
 B000G7W14U  Sapphire and Clear CZ Silver Eternity Ring ||	  I loved it.  I loved this ring when I received it but shortly after I lost a stone in it. It is also a bit uncomfortable to wear. <end>  Lovely Ring  Prettier than pictured, very sparkly and lovely -- looks more like tanzanite than sapphire, but lovely either way. A great value. <end>
 B000G9QGWG  Sterling Silver Heavy Gothic Skull Spin Ring(Sizes 5.5,6.5,8) ||	  Love it!  Every single detail on this product is great. You really will love it. It is an amazing gift. Sincerely it is a high quality product. <end>  Skull spinner  Nice ring could spin better but add baby oil for nice quiet rotating spin... I would purchase it again if you like skulls you would like this ring. <end>
 B000GA6TEK  Channel Set 3/4" Sterling Silver CZ Hoops ||	  Women will love these  My lady friend wanted some silver coloured earrings for her birthday. I was a little hesitant to buy hoops but i gave it a shot. It turns out she really did liked them and she wears them constantly and she loves them! <end>
 B000GA6TV8  Sapphire Bubbles Sterling Silver Ring ||	  Pretty, but...  This ring is very pretty, but the silver setting over-powers the stones. They aren't as bright & noticeable as in the picture. I did order a different ring from the Eves Addiction and I am very happy with it. <end>  Don't do it  I purchased this ring directly from Eve's Addiction. To begin with, the stones are a dull translucent almost periwinkle, but not really pretty. I wore this ring 3 days and a stone popped out. I've bought a few other things from Eve's Addiction that I'm very happy with, but not this. It's definitely going back. I'm not bothering with doing an exchange. I wanted it to have the bright teal stones. All in all, a big flop. <end>
 B000GABPG2  Beautiful Sparkling Silver Chandelier Earrings with Peridot ||	  great bridesmaids gift  My bridesmaids loved these earrings. The quality of the "sparkle" as well as the quality of the Peridot drop was better than expected and the price was quite reasonable. <end>
 B000GAWGY2  Sterling Silver & Cubic Zirconia I Love You Heart Pendant Necklace w/18" Chain ||	  Great, GF Loves It  The pendant was just the right thing to give to my girlfriend, she loves it, wears it everyday. Good size, chain not the best, but good enough....great gift. <end>  She Loved It!  She definitely loved the pendant. Got here nice and quickly and came packaged quite well and safely so absolutely nothing happened to it. Thanks a lot! <end>
 B000GB8OP6  Southwestern Style Wide Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Lapis Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 9, #10991 ||	  lizzard ring  Such a nice, solid, ring. I love the inlay work and the ring has a nice solid feel. <end>  Ring  It was exactly as I hoped it would be, actually it's even more beautiful in person! Prompt service and delivery. <end>
 B000GBAJ2C  Pugster Olivine Crystal Snowflake Pendant Necklace ||	  great customer service  This item arrived broken. When I returned it, I received a replacement within a couple of days. It comes individually wrapped and in a very nice gift box. Overall, I am extremely pleased with purchase and look forward to giving it to my friend for Christmas. <end>
 B000GBGAIO  5.5 in. Lauren Bracelet featuring Freshwater Pearls, Clear Swarovski Crystals, and Rose Quartz Beads ||	  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY WITH THIS SELLER!  I ordered a monogrammed product from this company on 1/23/08 which was supposed to arrive in 5-7 days. I never received it. I sent four emails to the company inquiring about it and also called at my own expense. No response whatsoever; no answer when I called. I had to go through my credit card company to dispute the charge. Please don't waste your time or money dealing with these people. <end>
 B000GBGLU6  5 in. Kayne Bracelet featuring Freshwater Pearls and Red Swarovski Crystals ||	  Too expensive and Flimsy, not all that safe for young children.  Too expensive for what's offered. Anyone could easily make this. It's not all that safe for children because it's flimsy. <end>
 B000GBINW0  4.5 in. Elizabeth Bracelet featuring Hand-Knotted Freshwater Pearls ||	  Oh so pretty  We bought this as a baptism gift for an 18-month-old. It came quickly, was packaged nicely, and was absolutely beautiful. The bracelet fit her perfectly. <end>
 B000GD5VDC  Morningflower Square Light Blue Opal Pendant ||	  It's Beautiful  I was so amazingly surprised the picture on the web did not do it justice.The Light Blue Opal is beautiful with my daughters blonde hair.Thank You. <end>
 B000GDTBYM  Pugster I'd Rather Be Swimming Sports Italian Charm ||	  Perfect!  I love this. It looks great on my bracelet. I have received quite a few compliments on my bracelet, and people really seem to like this charm in particular. <end>
 B000GECOOK  Rainbow Moonstone and Garnet Sterling Silver Hair Pin Comb Stick ||	  A very special piece  My fiancee' bought this for me to wear at our wedding. It arrived within the week. He's a jewelry smith himself, and said that this was not only completely hand-crafted, but the craftsmanship is fantastic. It is a truly beautiful piece! The stones are of good quality and solidly set. The back of the piece may require a quick polish before the big day, but that's common for sterling silver pieces. They can oxidize after contact with oil from your hands and exposure to O2. Keep it in the plastic bag between uses to prolong luster. If you do need to polish it, use a silver polishing cloth, not the liquid dip polish! The dip polish may do irreparable damage to the gem stones. The only problem I'm seeming to have, which has nothing to do with the piece itself, is finding earrings to match it! This will be a beautiful heirloom to hand down for generations to come!! <end>
 B000GFYIZW  14k Yellow Gold Celtic Knot Earrings ||	  Gold Celtic Knot Ear Rings  Product was of good quality and design, and price was very good. These were for pierced ears, but there were no backs for them. Why spoil an enjoyable transaction for a couple of bucks? <end>
 B000GGNXCU  Sterling Silver Twisted CZ Wedding Ring Set ||	  Disappointment  I love the style of this ring, which is why I bought it. Being on such a strict budget, we couldn't afford real diamonds so I started looking into other options. I thought I had a real treasure with this ring, until I got it! The main stone was so cloudy and the band was missing stones. Like something you get out of a candy machine. The return policy was a joke and I never got my money back. It does say on the return instructions that the company is not responsible if they never receive the returned product; which is why I sent it with delivery confirmation. I followed all of their 20 + rules (slightly exaggerating here), sent it within the limited time frame, and filled out all of the paperwork. Never heard from them again, when I called their customer service I am only told that they are not responsible. Go figure! I sure could have used that $60 for my wedding, hence the "limited budget". What I find most amusing is that they have no problem sending me product magazines every month, guess mail only works one way there. LOL Luckily I ordered it in plenty of time to keep shopping around before our wedding. What a disappointment though! I will never buy from this supplier again. <end>  Not a good value  For the money, I expected this ring to be fairly high quality, but 3 of the side stones fell out in the first month of wearing. If you know a jeweler who can check the setting of each stone, and you really like the style, then get it. But have the jeweler check it out before you start wearing it. <end>  cz wedding ring  This ring was very disappointing, I guess you do get what you pay for, it was very cheap looking and it turned my finger green. The inside started peeling within the first 2 weeks. The cz looks cloudy and like plastic. <end>  they're very pretty....  I've only had these rings for 3 weeks, but they are very pretty. The center stone isn't set very well and they could be of higher quailty, but overall they're worth what I paid for them. <end>
 B000GGNXDE  Sterling Silver Twisted CZ Wedding Ring Set ||	  Disappointment  I love the style of this ring, which is why I bought it. Being on such a strict budget, we couldn't afford real diamonds so I started looking into other options. I thought I had a real treasure with this ring, until I got it! The main stone was so cloudy and the band was missing stones. Like something you get out of a candy machine. The return policy was a joke and I never got my money back. It does say on the return instructions that the company is not responsible if they never receive the returned product; which is why I sent it with delivery confirmation. I followed all of their 20 + rules (slightly exaggerating here), sent it within the limited time frame, and filled out all of the paperwork. Never heard from them again, when I called their customer service I am only told that they are not responsible. Go figure! I sure could have used that $60 for my wedding, hence the "limited budget". What I find most amusing is that they have no problem sending me product magazines every month, guess mail only works one way there. LOL Luckily I ordered it in plenty of time to keep shopping around before our wedding. What a disappointment though! I will never buy from this supplier again. <end>  Not a good value  For the money, I expected this ring to be fairly high quality, but 3 of the side stones fell out in the first month of wearing. If you know a jeweler who can check the setting of each stone, and you really like the style, then get it. But have the jeweler check it out before you start wearing it. <end>  cz wedding ring  This ring was very disappointing, I guess you do get what you pay for, it was very cheap looking and it turned my finger green. The inside started peeling within the first 2 weeks. The cz looks cloudy and like plastic. <end>  they're very pretty....  I've only had these rings for 3 weeks, but they are very pretty. The center stone isn't set very well and they could be of higher quailty, but overall they're worth what I paid for them. <end>
 B000GGTINI  Peridot and Diamond MOM Pendant in Yellow Gold ||	  Prepare to use your own chain ...  My husband bought this for me for Christmas, thinking it would be a cute gift from my daughter, but unfortunately when it arrived, the chain was a big tangled mess! Trying to make the best of it, I spent over an hour untanling the chain to find that the clasp was broken, rendering the necklace totally useless! All I have to say is, you're basically paying for the charm ... be prepared to use your own chain. <end>
 B000GHF2ZA  Sterling Silver Natural White Mother of Pearl MOP Shell Heart Shaped Hook Earrings ||	  lovely  Bought these on a whim and wondered if I should cancel as I thought they would be small and flimsy. However, I'm very happy with these. The mother of pearl is hardy and has a lovely shine to it. They are large but not large enought to cause discomfort and I think they need to be as they are so beautiful. <end>
 B000GHGL7I  Lapis Large Traditional Hoop Earrings, 14k Gold ||	  Great blue hoops  I looked long and hard for a pure blue set of hoop earrings and stumbled across these lapis hoops. Perfect size, great dark blue, but not navy and I love them. I wear them every time I have blue on. I am a grandma but they make me feel young and match my "old blue eyes". <end>
 B000GHIGFI  Onyx Origami Monkey Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  Love it!  Very nice pendant not too big or heavy. I love how the gold is wrapped around the piece of onyx it's really lovely. I bought this item at the same time as another, far more expensive, gold pendant and this one is by far the nicer item. <end>
 B000GHIHK2  Red Jade Dragon's Fury Pendant with Solid Bezel, 14k Gold ||	  RED JADE DRAGON PENDANT  I recently purchased this pendant and was amazed at it's quality. It is unique and extremly nice. The price is reasonable and the product is superb! <end>
 B000GHLNKI  Lavender Jade Curved Bar Single-Row Bracelet 7", 14k Gold ||	  Beautiful Bracelet  This was so BEAUTIFUL I hated to give it away for Christmas! It also was sent very fast! Thank You! <end>
 B000GHUPIE  Ruby Red Gem Orange Baby Devil Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Exactly what I ordered!  Product was purchased as a gift and it was exactly what I ordered. It arrived sooner than expected too.Thank you. <end>
 B000GHXZ7M  Sterling Silver Aquablue Cubic Zirconia Majestic Gem Belly Ring ||	  Small  Cute, but smaller and cheesier than I would have thought. Not worth the money. <end>
 B000GHXZFY  Solar Blue Double Gem Bioplast Belly Ring ||	  Somewhat satisfied.  I gave this to my 15 yr old daughter on Dec 25. When she went to put it on the ball would not screw back on.I contacted the seller and they were happy to send a new one with no cost. for this reason i will not change my Star rating.I bought this for a Christmas gift for my teenage daughter.The Picture is not correct.The top small bead is solid silver NO gem in it what so ever.The bottom larger stone is true to the picture. For this reason I give it 3 stars. <end>
 B000GIAD5I  Mens Titanium Celtic Beast Artistic Tribal Dragon Band Ring(Sizes 7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15) ||	  Great price for Titanium  I've been looking for a Titanium ring like this for months and the cheapest price I found was over $100. Once I saw the price on it i figured what could I lose. But, this was the same product asa the others I'd seen and for a lot less. The process was quick and easy as well was the delivery. This is the reason I shop online......... oh and by the way the design should read "Tribal Phoenix" <end>  Gift  I bought this ring last year as a gift for my best friend. The company has astoundingly quick delivery so kudos to them for it. Unfortunately they didn't have his size then (10) so I had to buy size 11. It was big for the finger I intended him to wear it on, but he switches it around or puts it on his chain.The design unfortunately scratches easily, so he takes it off when he's doing rough work such as moving chairs and tables. This is a ring that is probably great for light-active days/events. <end>  Great price and looks nice  Great deal for the price, considering most titanium rings like this cost twice as much! The ladies really dig it! &lt;grin> <end>  sending it back  Need I say more....the picture looks as if the design run arounf the whole ring. It does NOT. There is 1 spot and it is toufght to see witht the high finish. <end>  not bad  The ring is quite light, doesn't even feel like metal.The image of the dragon is a bit blurry. It is comfortable to wear.My boyfriend liked it =] <end>  A Great Ring  This is a great ring. It's light, masculine, and feels quite comfortable on my hand. It scratches pretty easily, but hey it's titanium; what do you expect. Any scratches, however, only add to the charm of this fine piece of jewelry. Buy it now! <end>  Mens Wedding ring  After purchasing a ring on another site and not happy with the quality and the sizing was also incorrect, I purchased this ring off Amazon. The quality is exactly as described and the size is correct. Highly recommended. Thanks. <end>  Don't Order This Ring...You Will Be Disappointed!  I ordered the Titanium Celtic Beast ring as a gift and was truly disappointed when it arrived. Don't be fooled by the appearance of the ring's size...the picture is greatly magnified. The ring is very narrow...only 7mm in width...not a good width for a mans ring. The Celtic Beast design is SO SMALL that you really do need a microscope to see any detail. I sent this ring back for a refund...would not recommend!!! <end>  Tribal Ring  Although the ring first came in the wrong size, the company responded quickly to correct the error and I received the correct ring and free shipping to return the first one. The ring itself is quite nice and my son is very happy with it. <end>  Great ring for dragon lovers  I bought this for my husband's birthday and he loved it. Unfortunately, I was unsure of the size and the 15 was a little too big. He should have had a 14 and maybe even a 13. The ring was lost one cold day when he was raking leaves. We think the ring went into a trash bag, never to be seen agin.That is my fault though so I say to please get sized to ensure proper fit. Obvious advice but still good.I loved the dragon silhouette. It's nice looking in it's simplicity and you can still tell what it is. I say a great buy for dragon lovers at a great price. <end>  Way better than you think  This ring was far superior in quality than we expected. Nicely rendered graphic and fit is true to sizing. <end>  DH likes it...  He wanted something to replace his lost wedding ring and since he's always having to take his off for his job, this was the best idea. Price can't be beat, easily to replace when he loses it (yet again) and he likes the design. Sizing seems a bit off, ordered a 13 (his size) but it fits a little larger. <end>  celtic beast  I can't really rate this except from the day my son got it. Fit well and looked nice, especially for the price. My son went back to Iraq, for the 8th time, the day after I gave it to him, he liked it a lot when I gave it to him. <end>  It is ok  it is ok not great but cool. it gets scratched fairly easy. like from rocks. oh and it says titanium on the inside. <end>  My ring.  This ring is to be my wedding band when I marry in a few months. Since I work with my hands at my job, I needed something that could withstand the punishment better than a gold band. I had heard good things and bad about titanium rings, and have even looked at them at local jewelery stores. They are lighter than gold bands, as well. The celtic dragon insignia on the top of the ring also makes this ring stand out. <end>  Excellent purchase  Nice purchase for the price you pay for it. I didnt have a problem seeing the the design on the ring, it isn't huge but you can see it clearly without any problems. The ring fits nicely and have had no issues with it since my purchase of it a little while ago. I look forward to purchasing more items from this seller in the future. Thanks again great item, great price and a nice gift for any guy. <end>  Great pinky ring  If you like heavy jewelry that makes a statement, this is the ring to buy or any ring at this site. It was a gift for that special someone and they loved it. <end>  Dark  Its much darker than in the pictures but I dont mind. Very light and beautiful. Its titanium (a big plus) which doesnt give me a rash so big plus for that! <end>  he LOVED it!  When I found this ring, I knew it would be perfect for my boyfriend. So when he recived it in the mail a few days after I perchesed it, he was so happy. So if any women out there who are looking for a gift for a man in their life whether it's a lover, brother, husband, father, whatever, get them this or any other ring and they will love you forever. <end>  A great 1 year together present  My boyfriend totally adores his ring and I had our anniversay date engraved in it. Its a symbol of togetherness. <end>  Nice One  100% typical like picture, very good condition, perfect size, excellent service, I recomend this company and producy to everybody. <end>  Very detailed!  I bought this for my boyfriend and he loves it! He has an allergic reaction to some metals, so I was pleased to find a titanium ring that was priced well and intricately designed. The carvings are very nicely done, and the finish in the ring is superb. And the seller was very helpful when we had to do an exchange for a bigger size. Overall, a good buy. <end>  Great Service and Product  I received my order quickly and in great condition. The ring is very well made, heavy and the design is cool. High recommendations for quality and service. <end>  Cheap, feels like plastic  I bought this product thinking it would be good. First of all the size wasn't even right. I already had a size 9 ring and this one looked like a 6 or a 7. Second of all, it feels like plastic because its extremely light. Its made of titanium but it's very light. <end>
 B000GIPGJG  10K Gold Men's Onyx Claddagh Ring ||	  beautiful!!!!!!  My husband and I got married with this and another claddagh ring he loves this ring and its beautiful we very happy with it <end>  Great Promise Ring!  I ordered this Claddagh Ring for my boyfriend and I's 6 month anniversary. The ring came quickly with great shipping, perfect condition and even in an adorable little gift box along with a box for the ring itself. My boyfriend absolutely loves it and it was nice to find a ring that I could give to him. It's very hard to find a good promise ring for a male and this is the best one for the best price that I have found anywhere. <end>  Pretty and inexpensive --  My boyfriend and I are using this as his promise ring.I love the design. When we opened the box up, we noticed a couple of things. 1) The ring is very light, but that was to be expected from a 10k white gold ring. 2) the Onyx is held down by two tabs on the back and can fall out, but again, it's because it's inexpensive. <end>  ring  I LOVE THE RING IT WAS FOR MY SONS 21 BIRTHDAY. IT IS DIFFERENT AS I GIVE ALL MY SONS A RING FOR THEIR 21ST BIRTHDAY. AND I LIKE I CAN MAKE THEM DIFFERENT,ONE MORE TO GO. <end>  Cheaply made  I bought this as a bday gift for my brother. The ring cracked the 2nd day he wore it. It is extremely light weight and very fragile. Felt like a toy from a gumball machine. <end>  Claddagh ring  This product is very very beautiful, but it only comes in one size and i am going to have to get it re-seized for my boyfriend which is going to coast an additional $30-$40. Also the diamonds in the display picture look much bigger than they actually do, in person they appear so small that i thought it was just more white gold.for this price i would recommend this ring, but i am very glad that i didnt pay $400 <end>  Great product, amazing deal.  Couldn't expect better for such a great price. Would definitely buy from this seller again. Shipping took only a couple days, by far one of the best experiences I've had buying online. <end>  No way this is worth $400.00  I bought this ring a year ago for my husband. I thought I was getting a great deal. I mean how can you go wrong?! A $375.00 ring for $110.00. When I got it I was alittle upset. The white gold is VERY thin. I couldnt believe that they had such a high retail price on this ring. I would have gone through the roof if I paid full price for this ring.Now my husband does love his ring but there are problems with it. The setting for the Onyx is not well done. In fact after a few months of wear the stone starts to get loose and you can hear it whenever you move your hand. With the gold being to thin it is easy to dent. Now the problem is that if you are to take it in to your local jewelry store to have them work on it... Well, they cant. So this ring is nice... But understand once it's broken (my husband's had a crack in the white gold) that's it. You cant take it to be repaired. So I would say, spend a full $400.00 and get a custom one or one from a local jewelry store and get a service plan on it. <end>  thinking  I have been thinking myself of getting this for my boyfriend. I wear a claddagh on my left ring finger and I thought it would be cute if my boyfriend and I had a matching one. I'd love to have one for him, and the more I think about it, the more sure I am I'll get one for him soon.  ) <end>
 B000GIYCDM  Men's Sterling Silver Square Curb Bracelet - 8 inches ||	  Bought the same $60. bracelet at Walmart for $20.  This store is a rip-off. I bought the same bracelet for my son for $20. at WALMART. I paid $60. at this store. <end>
 B000GJ2YT0  14k Yellow Gold Cross Pendant With Rubies ||	  Ruby Cross  The color of the rubies are more on the pink red side than dark red as the picture appears, but otherwise the cross was everything I wanted. It was a good choice. <end>
 B000GJ3A02  14k Yellow Gold Cross Pendant with Sapphire ||	  14k Yellow Gold Cross Pendant with Sapphire  Though I thought it would be larger, the cross has a beautiful quality to it.Based on the size, I'd say it's worth the sale price, which I paid, and not the original price. <end>
 B000GJ3GWO  Women's Amber Dangle Earrings ||	  Wonderful Quality  I purchased the bracelet and necklace that go with these wonderful earrings. Just like necklace which is light weight and very delicate looking the earrings are of great quality they looks wonderful against dark brown or tanned skin types because of their golden glow. My only quibble is that in the photograph the bracelet looks bigger and with more strands to it where as in actuality it has just two strands and is quite small suitable for small wrists only I think for the price the makers could have used more amber strands. It arrived in this extremely beautiful dark blue faux velvet box which actually has straps to hold both the necklace and matching bracelet in their positions.The earrings come in their own dark blue velvet box which has a an oval lid. Clearly their designed to last and be worn for special occasions however because this is amber you can wear it during the day and it will not look out of place. I love the fact that the amber has been fashioned to resemble leaves and petals. This is a very feminine piece of jewelry suitable for day and evening wear in my opinion worth the money! <end>
 B000GJ3H82  14k Yellow Gold Ruby and Diamond Earrings Diamond ||	  This piece is beautiful and it's on my wish list!  My husband has purchased a few pieces from Harris Michael and we're just so pleased every time. This piece is beautiful and it's on my wish list! <end>
 B000GJ4POM  Sterling Silver/Diamond Angel Blue Agate Cameo Pendant ||	  beautiful  I bought this as a Christmas gift for my grandmother and she absolutely loved it. Harris Michael Jewelry provided excellent customer service. It was shipped promptly and I received it earlier than I expected. <end>  Lovely Pendant  I bought this pendant for my mom who absolutely loved it. The item came in a lovely box and arrived less than a week of ordering it. It is a beautiful pendant and such a great for my mom. I highly recommend ordering this item as a gift for someone. Harris Michael Jewelry, you are a wonderful company and I plan on buying again. <end>  Slow service and not as it appeared online - Dont waste your time!!!  This order was placed as a gift for my mom, this year I was disabled from surgery and ordered 100% online. Well this was ordered in the 1st days of December. Everything else on that order (other merchants) were received within the week while I waited and waited for someone to contact me about this gift.It was not until Amazon emailed me and said this merchant had yet to confirm the order and was not responding to emails, then I emailed the owner of this company. I received no response until finally I stated that I was going to complain, within minutes I received an email from the owners Blackberry stating only that I would receive it by Christmas Day. When I responded to him again I got no answer.I emailed him again several times as the days got closer, it finally came on Christmas Eve and just as I was afraid would happen - it looked nothing like the picture and now I had no time to do anything about it.Also for the price it didnt even come with a chain (or even a simulation) just rubber banned to the little box.I didnt bother the seller even though I was upset feeling it was the Holidays and I am not in any way a nasty person.Then a week after Christmas I got an email that my item had been shipped - NOW I get an email?. This got me even more upset so I contacted the owner again, in a nice way explained and received a nasty email in return.I will never do business with this company again, will not be refering anyone either. I am sure they will be glad to hear this.(Although he was not good at responding to emails, somehow I am sure he will answer this review. I am telling you prospective customers, give yourself time if you order - just in case mine wasnt a one time experience). Good Luck. <end>
 B000GJKJXS  Pugster Elegant Fan-Shaped Golden Pattern Black Crystal Little Drop Dangle Earrings ||	  Cute but are they sterling silver?  These earrings are cute; however, it specifies that these are sterling silver. There are no markings of .925 on the earrings to verify that they are indeed sterling silver. My daughter can only wear sterling silver or gold so I hope that these are truly as marketed. <end>
 B000GJTR36  14k White Gold 11 x 9 Oval Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Stud Earrings ||	  Beautiful stone but....  There is far too much metal for the stone thats there. Although this shouldn't pose a problem for those seeking some serious accessories, I was disappointed as the pictures gave me the impression that it was far more stone than metal. <end>  too large for my taste...  I ordered these at the half price sale - you win some and you lose some. These are just as pictured, but the scale is what is missing from the description. WOW these are big. The bright blue color makes them look like soemthing from a bubblegum machine. It's hard to imagine what you would wear these with. They are too big for casual everyday earrings and too bright to wear anywhere but Tucson in the summer.yikes! <end>  Very small, more metal than stone  The actual stone is very small in these earrings. Although theyre cute from the front,looking at them from the side shows alot more metal than stone.If you buy these, ignore the reviews that say these are large sized earrings... They're stud sized... <end>  I never knew I'd have something so incredible  When I order these ear rings, I did not expect the quality and size I received. They are gorgeous and the workmanship is unbelieveable! These are a must have! <end>  Very pretty.  These are nice earrings. The stones are plenty big enough. Color is good and the white gold doesn't really show too much so all you see is the topaz. <end>  large blue topaz earrings  best item I bought for a great price- I would like to see more like this <end>  color not what it says or shows  Dealt with the color.. but they turned green last year,lol. the posts and backs  ( ... kinda makes you wonder if they are truly white gold. <end>  great purchase  I absolutely love Blue Topaz...whether its earrings, bracelets or necklaces. I was devastated when I lost one of my previous pairs of blue topaz earrings, so when I saw these on Amazon, I had to have them....love them, love them, love them. <end>
 B000GKSGV4  Pugster Tree Stainless Steel Necklaces Pendant For Men ||	  unique  Unique for a unique child. My son did research on this type of jewerly and I was glad to give it to him as a gift. <end>
 B000GLJ45U  10mm Wide Mens Titanium Brushed Satin Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  A Beautiful Ring for the money  I was pleasently surprised at how nice this ring looks. It is very simple yet elegant. The only problem my husband has with it is that the finish is easily scratched but if you are not studying it closely you can't really tell. I think it is a great buy for the money. <end>  Nice ring, only one issue  I purchased this ring for my fiance. Overall we both love it, but as was already stated, the finish does scratch easily. From a distance you can't really notice it, but it is visible if you are really looking at the ring.The service was fast and exactly what we expected. <end>
 B000GLMRB8  Genuine Mixed Green and Honey Amber Pendant on Sterling Silver 18" Chain Necklace ||	  Elegant piece of work  The online picture of this piece does not to it justice. The pieces of amber are raised adding dimension to the pendant. All of them are almost the same height except for one but it's hardly noticeable and I think that's what makes it unique. This pendant was unavailable right after I bought it so I think I got the last piece. For now I hope  ) If it is back in stock I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves amber jewelry. <end>  Stunning  I get complimented all the time on this piece of jewelry. It is a great quality piece and it really is an attention grabber. If you like silver and amber, you will love this product. <end>
 B000GLN8IO  Kansas City Chiefs Checker Set ||	  Good quality and overall great buy!  This is a great buy if you are a football fan! As you can probably tell from my pen name, I am a Miami Dolphins fan. I got the Kansas City Chiefs versus the Oakland Raiders for my brother and mom for Christmas. They loved it and thought it was the coolest idea! I thought the same thing as I was browsing through all sorts of expensive NFL things that looked cool. This is not only cool and inexpensive, but it is entertaining and is fun to watch one of them lose once in a while  ) Hmmm, maybe I should get Dolphins versus one of them so I can beat them...GO DOLPHINS!!!! <end>
 B000GLUVTS  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 7.0-8.0mm White Semi-Round Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace ||	  Good choice reason price  I bought these for my fiancee, now wife, for our wedding day. They seemed like a good addition to her ensemble. I was not sure about buying jewelery online site unseen. The pearls were well matched. They were beautiful in color. The were absolutely beautiful on my wife the day we got married. I would recommend them for people that are on a budget and would like some pearls. She loved them. <end>  Can't beat these for the price.  These are a spectacular bargain. They look so much better than anything else in this price category. I bought them for my girlfriend for Christmas and she absolutely loves them! Not to mention she thinks I spent a lot more than I actually did, but let's keep that between you and I. I definitely recommend these, they're a great product. <end>  Great gift.  Looks great and is a good value. If you are looking to give a great gift that looks expensive and still fits your pocket book this is a winner. <end>  Nice pearls for a good price  I purchased this pearls as a gift for my wife but when they arrived, the came as broken clasp. So, had to send it back. Also, note that these are not round but semi round and they are mostly from 7-7.5mm. The luster is good however imperfections are very much visible to naked eye. <end>  Very nice  This product was quite nice and it was very difficult for me to find pearls as nice as these at local jewelry stores. Most sets of pearls were well over a thousand dollars but this is a great buy and the pearls are in great condition. This was my first jewelry purchase for my girlfriend and it made a great Christmas present, this is a great necklace and it was my girlfriends first set of pearls as well. <end>  Knuts!  I had a sinking feeling when I received this necklace. The label on the box with the item number was so faded I could barely read it. How long were these sitting in a bin? Did I even get the right item? I don't know how long they were stored before I bought mine - and it was six months ago - but the necklace was not damaged. It was just a scary looking label.So, I open the box and I'm impressed. The right size pearls, beautiful luster, silvery white (which I like), nicely matched and no perceptible blemishes! My jaw nearly hit the floor. I was astounded at the beauty of the pearls.Then I took them out of the box, and reality took hold. The sixty dollar bargain has big, fat, extremely tight knots. On closer inspection, the knots are clearly visible; this is the "slight" flaw. I imagine that stringing pearls requires some skill. I pictured myself trying to do it  all these roly poly little balls, trying to run a string through them. It would take some patience and practice, I think. I've never done it, so I can't claim to be an expert. But I did win the knot tying competition at Girl Scout camp, and I do know there are techniques. There's a correct knot, formed using a correct method, that one uses to connect objects in a form that accommodates function.Whoever strung these didn't know how to do it. The knots are almost as big as spacers, and other people can see them if they look closely. There are visible kinks in the strand. I've tried to get the kinks out, but to no avail. I decided to wear it anyway, and I've worn this necklace every week for six months. I haven't had a single compliment. Only worth buying if you get them for less than forty dollars. You can get nicely strung fakes for a lot less. <end>
 B000GTQHSE  18K White Gold Circle-Shape Peridot Color-Stone Ring, Enhanced with Pave Set Diamonds. ||	  Gorgeous!  This ring is absolutely beautiful. Showy without being gawdy. Gorgeous cut and the color of the stone is deep and clear in a very unique setting. Good communication to/from seller as well. <end>
 B000GTRKAS  Solid 14K Yellow Gold with Peridot precious stone. Belly Button Ring Navel Rings ||	  Very Nice  The naval ring looks exactly like the picture and the stone is a nice quality. I ordered this along with an amethyst belly ring from the same vendor. I would order from them again, the order shipped promptly and the merchandise looked like the photo on the site. <end>
 B000GWRHK8  Mens Brushed Satin Titanium Celtic Flame Artistic Tribal Fire Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  looks cheap  It gets scratched really easy and it collects debris in the cut out. It is not as nice as it looks in the picture. I expected it to be a little nicer than it was. <end>  GOOD QUALITY AND SERVICE  Arrived in a timely fashion and in perfect condition. Very pleased with merchandise and service. <end>  Complete Garbage  Received this as a gift recently.It's complete garbage. NO WAY is this thing worth over $10.The packing was some sort of draw-string bag you get gumball prizes in and the 'gift card' was a typed message on a receipt (that actually looked to be torn from the printer by hand).Will never again purchase ANYTHING from this vendor. <end>
 B000GWTFWQ  High Polish Mens 9mm Wide Wavy Gold-Tone Striped Center Titanium Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  just my luck  I do not blame the seller nor the maker of this ring, but just my luck im allergic to Titanium. Although allergies to titanium, if its not 100% pure there is a chance of reaction. And of course even if it is 100% pure it is possible for a reaction. Be aware of what metals are in or around your body to eliminate any possible allergic reaction. <end>
 B000GWTFY4  7mm Saturn Concaved High Polish Titanium Comfort Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  A Great Ring, Amazing Value  I bought this ring over a year ago, as an engagement ring for my fianc&eacute; (who will be my husband in a month!), and it proved to be an amazing investment.Don't let the inexpensive price fool you-- this is a great quality ring. Titanium is extremely hard, will not bend, and will not tarnish quickly. Chris has been wearing it non-stop since I gave it to him a year ago, and it still looks brand new.The concave shape gives this ring interest. It definitely stands out. I highly recommend this ring! <end>  Inexpensive and Good Quality  For the price of this compared to the stores I searched for similar products, this one was a good price and good quality. <end>
 B000GWUN1I  Ladies Titanium Celtic Lore Etched Blue Leaves and Vines Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10) ||	  Complimented  I really liked the way this ring looked, and I got a companion ring for my husband (black celtic knot). I have gotten some interesting comments on them, and the delivery and everything went really well. The only downside, is it seems that some of the coloring chips off, not sure how to fix that.Update  All of the color did come off of both mine and my husbands, but we like it without the color just as well. <end>  Just beautiful  I'm using this ring as my wedding ring. It's lightweight and fits like a dream. I love it! <end>
 B000GWX7UC  14K Gold Rosary Cross Necklace - 17" ||	  Really, a good deal.  I am actually really happy with this. For the price, it is pretty unbelievable. It is a sturdy necklace that still maintains a look of delicateness and class. There are some parts that show a little bit of crude craftsmanship (visible welding on the hollow crucifix) but I think that it mostly just adds to its charm. I would recommend this as a great deal and a really sweet piece for anyone to wear. FYI- it comes in a nice little presentation snap-case and not a box. <end>  too short  This rosary is very detailed nice gold color that is attractive. Now the down size is that it is so small and thin and 17 lengh around the neck will choke you and makes so short it looks like it belongs only to a small child.If i payed more attention i would not have bought this product is so tight around the so hope you have a skinny neck.................... <end>
 B000GXBOHY  Sterling Silver 8.0mm Alternate Link Bracelet 8" ||	  Beware of this one!!!!!!!!!!  Very very bad transaction [..]! I'm so upset that I do not really know where to start on this one. I paid for a substantial piece of jewelry, a manly solid sterling silver bracelet 25 grams in weight and with a very solid lobster clasp as shown in the picture provided by [..]. What I got was one of the worst looking/feeling shoddy hunks of scrap I've ever seen. Let me back this up by first saying that I worked in the jewelry business for a short period of time and have come to expect a certain amount of quality and reliability when dealing with any well respected retailer. As far as I can tell these are not the people that I should have done business with.The bracelet I received was hardly the robust well crafted handsome looking piece I was eagerly awaiting to arrive in the mail but instead a thin, light and rough edged bizarro version of what I paid for. I have taken a few snap shots with my cell phone (sorry for the poor image quality) to show what I discovered inside my package. The links are not the same as shown in their pic, the one shown has a square hole cut out from every other oblong link, mine does not. Theirs has a very solid lobster clasp which is attached to the rest of the linkage with a sturdy hinge pin, mine is a puny clasp connected by a tiny ring. The one in Netaya's photo seems to have nice smooth polished links throughout, mine has rough spots in between each and every link. The best part of all this is the fact that the bracelet I paid for was 25 grams in weight, the one they sent me is only about 10 grams! I have other silver bracelets and none of them sound like this one, it has that light tinny jingle sound to it which makes me wonder if it's even solid, I want to squeeze one of the links with a pair of pliers just to see but I don't want to ruin my ability to return it. Also just an FYI even though this bracelet does measure 8 inches and my wrist is only about 7.25 inches the links are so cheaply crafted that they do not lay flat and smoothly so this will not fit on my small wrists. Needless to say I was not sent the item that I had paid for, instead I was given the worst substitute for quality as possible!Even if this was some kind of mix-up I don't even know why they would stock such a horrible item. I would expect something like this from some 3rd world flea market and not from an Amazon affiliate. I've made over a dozen purchases thru Amazon over the past several months and have been very satisfied with every one until now. I guess you can't win all the time so this one will definitely be going back to [..] for a refund. Also I plan to update my posting as to how well my refund is transacted.P.S. - I had to give at least one star just to list my review but it doesn't deserve any stars!!!04/08/2009 UPDATE - I finally did get my refund nearly two weeks later (after they actually received the item back via certified mail)but only after contacting the seller directly to inquire as to when I could expect it to be processed. <end>
 B000GYEZQK  Pugster Classic Antique Lady Maiden Profile Oval Brown Beauty Cameo Crown Light Colorado Topaz Yellow Floral Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches Pins ||	  very nice  ideal size, looks very nice, i'm just a bit worried, the closing seems a bit weak for it, but hope it will hold.. <end>
 B000GYEZSI  Pugster Beautiful Leaf With Rose Pink Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Brooches And Pins ||	  elephant walk  I was so absolutely pleased with this pin. It was prettier than the picture and so colorful. <end>  Bad quality  The only good thing I can say is that my package was delivered in a timely fashion. On the other hand, the brooch was not as pretty and shiny as it was in the photo, it looked poorly made and cheap. What's worse, is when I took my brooch out of the packaging, the center stone (pink pearl) fell right out! Also the gift box they provided was twice as small as the brooch itself, I'm not sure why they sent me a gift box that could not fit the gift I bought. I wasn't satisfied at all with this product and am now in the process of returning the item for a full refund. <end>
 B000GZ9FFA  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Cubic Zirconia 12k Black Hills Gold Sterling Silver Leaf Ring ||	  stylish  This ring is nice but small in detail. The leaves on the sides are so small that it is difficult to distinguish the patterns and individual leaves. Because of the size, the colors are not distinguishable either. Nice weight of silver and perfect fit. <end>  Tight fit  This is a VERY beautiful ring, but i'm a bit disappointed in the sizing.I am very aware of my ring size, as I just had my finger measured the day I ordered. <end>
 B000GZBRO2  Sterling Silver Heart Bangle Bracelet ||	  Simple statement  I have really enjoyed wearing this bracelet. The design is very simple but makes a statement. It is comfortable and easy to take off. I wear it with several other bracelets too. It looks really nice with pearls. <end>  fabulous!  This bracelet is gorgeous! I bought it for my mother in law for Christmas. She wanted an every day silver bracelet and was so happy with my choice. This is a must have for silver lovers! <end>  Very Nice  Nice, simple and inexpensive braclet I bought for my fiance. She has gotten complimented on it each time she wears it. Strongly built and flexible. <end>  Very nice!  I loved this bracelet when I saw it online. When I received it I loved it even more! It is exactly as pictured and came packaged really cute. It fits great and is easy to take on and off. Very nice bracelet! <end>  love it  It looks prettier in real life comparing to the picture. I gifted it to my mom and she love it. The good thing about this bangle is that it fits for any age; young or old. I think I'll buy 1 for myself soon. <end>  Smooth Transaction...Great product  Easy to conduct business with. Received in a timely manner. A+ <end>
 B000H0K3BO  Cultured Pearl Platinum or Gold Overlay Sterling Silver Hook Bunch Earrings - Various Pearl Colors ||	  DONT MEASURE UP  I bought a lovely necklace that Amazon featured this set of earrings as well as a bracelet with as a "buy together for" deal. I was SO incredibly disappointed with these earrings! These were described as 4-5 mm, and the length 1.75". The image alone is deceiving. The actual "pearl" portion is only 1" long (see images I uploaded). If the seller had featured a picture of them being worn, I would have seen the pearls & overall earrings were much smaller. My husband, an engineer, measured the pearls with a caliper and found they were 3 mm at best, only 2 were 4 mm. The freshwater pearl necklace (from a different seller) looks NOTHING like these earrings and together look mismatched so I gave the earrings to my teenage daughter. For a 16 year old, these are fine, but I wouldn't rate these earrings better than any fake set you could buy at Claire's. I think I'm done purchasing jewelry on Amazon.com unless they start requiring sellers to post more images, especially of the item worn. <end>  Beautiful  I bought these earrings for my mother for Christmas. They were so pretty! First off, they came in a very nice box. When I opened it I was very pleased with the quality of the pearls and the workmanship. I feel like I got a lot more than I paid for. My mother loved them and they looked so nice on. I highly recommend this product and this seller. They have great quality and they ship quickly and in nice packaging. You can't ask for more! <end>  EXCELLENT!  I received my earrings a day after I ordered. The service is fast and the product is better. I'm 100% satisfied with these earrings. They are lustrous, and I can't stop looking at them!! <end>  Adorable - dress up or dress down  I received these for Mother's Day and love them. They are nicely made and have the right amount of dangle to be feminine and fun. The pearls have a nice luster and are smooth. The silver is shiny and well matched to the pearls. I would highly recommend these cute earrings. I wore them with jeans on the first day and got tons of compliments. <end>  Fabulous!  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. They were much more than I expected for the price and at this price you really cant beat it! I would definetly recommend! <end>  Gorgeous earrings  My husband surprised me with these earrings. I love them. I've gotten so many compliments on them that I'm thinking on getting the peach ones too. I love black pearls, and these just look gorgeous. The value is great and you won't be disappointed. They look at least as good as in the picture. <end>  look as great as photo--or better  These really look very beautiful! I was afraid they might look too big or heavy, but they are just perfect--very delicate! <end>  very pretty; glad the seller has listened to feedback!  I really like the earrings, though the other reviewer was correct--they are smaller than what the image/height stat. suggested. So I'm really pleased that there are new images up with a measurement guide to avoid future confusion. But overall, I'm pleased. <end>  Nice job  I love my earrings and the service was great. I would recommend the site to my friends. Great overall.White Cultured Pearl Bunch Earrings <end>  Beautiful earrings, and nice quality  I purchased these earrings as a gift for my daughter. They arrived quickly and were a perfect match for necklace, which she already has. They are a very nice quality. The color is fantastic! We are very happy with the purchase. <end>  Grape pods.  I gave this as a gift, but it is so beautiful. My daughter really loves them. They match a previous gift from Amazon. <end>  Delicate, lovely and expensive looking.  My favorite pair of pearl earrings kept losing pearls. I have been looking for something similar for years. Having given up on the button cluster posts, I started looking for other kinds of clusters not reliant on glue. These caught my eye and have not disappointed. They are quite lovely and have an appeal similar to the ones I could not keep together. <end>  Beautiful  I purchased these for my mom for Christmas. They really are pretty. They lay and move very nicely and are a good length for dangly earrings. Big enough to be noticed but not so long as to be gaudy. <end>
 B000H0R6AA  14k Yellow Gold Fish Charm ||	  Very cute charm  This charm comes exactly how it is pictured. It is very light and very cute. <end>
 B000H1SNDI  Sterling Silver 8mm Round CZ Fashion Birthstone Earring in 4 Prong Setting, March ||	  Earrings are Great  These earrings were the BEST value! Beautiful color and design - will buy more from this seller in the future. <end>
 B000H1SNMY  Sterling Silver 3mm Round CZ Fashion Birthstone Earring in 4 Prong Setting, May ||	  Not What I Expected.  I was very unhappy when I opened the box and saw these earrings. They weren't what I thought I had ordered, isn't 3mm supposed to be small? I've ordered other earrings labeled '3mm' and these were not it.It wasn't worth it to return them; I would pay in shipping and re-stocking fees what I'd originally put into getting them. However, the earrings turned out to be something my mom liked, so it turned out okay. <end>
 B000H1SP40  Sterling Silver CZ Lined Cross Necklace with 18 inch Snake Chain ||	  If you have long hair, wear it up! Great Necklace though.  I needed silver jewelry for my cousin's wedding. I was a bridesmaid and the bride wanted us all to have silver jewelry. The necklace arrived right on time! Loved it and I still wear it from time to time. My only suggestion? If you have long hair, wear it up, otherwise you hair can get caught in the chain from time to time. Good buy for me though. I was satisfied. <end>
 B000H1WEN8  Sterling Silver 8mm Round CZ Fashion Birthstone Earring in 4 Prong Setting, July ||	  Beautiful  These studs are beautiful... I have them in 3 sizes and I love them all! <end>
 B000H1WESI  Rhodium Plated Sterling Silver Life Charm Bracelet ||	  LOVE IT  THIS IS A VERY PRETTY CHARM BRACELET. I WILL WEAR THIS ONE A LOT.THIS IS A MUST HAVE <end>
 B000H1WFDC  Italian Sterling Silver Polished Finish Star Earrings ||	  Italian Silver Star Earrings - Great Buy  I love these earrings. They are of good quality and are very cute. I recommend for anyone who likes silver dangly earrings. Very nice product. <end>
 B000H1WGJA  Sterling Silver Pave Style Fashion Ring with Accent CZ Stones, Size 10 ||	  Dazzling Elegance  This ring is very beautiful and looks like the real thing. It's a quality product. It was also shipped quickly. <end>
 B000H1Y9JK  Sterling Silver Threader Earrings w/ Pink Dangle Stones ||	  So Beautiful  I love these earrings. The quality and style are great! Much more expensive looking than the price. <end>
 B000H26U5U  Tanzanite Cubic Zirconia Eden Chandelier Belly Ring ||	  Quite Nice  The stones are pretty, mine didn't come with uniform colored stones. The largest stone was darker than the dangled/studded stones. The dangled part seems sturdy enough though I would be careful if wearing it with loose knit tops or accessories. I'm going to buy from this store again.  ) <end>
 B000H44R4O  Sterling Silver Engravable Round Tag Pendant, 18" ||	  Not as described..  This was a tiny pendant that you could barely put an engraving on (less than 3/4" wide) and no chain came with it.. It would have looked very silly on an 18" chain, ~if~ it had a chain. Beware, not as described. <end>
 B000H57MO0  Pugster Shinning October Birthstone Pink Crystal Petal Round Flower Set Brooches And Pins ||	  Really Cute Pin!!  This little Bike Pin is really cute. It looks great on my jacket. I ride a bike alot for exercise, so this pin is a good representation of me. I was inspired to wear more pins after recently meeting Madeleine Albright former Secretary of State. The picture of the pin does not do it justice. It looks even better in person. <end>
 B000H5CJU2  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Orange Austrian Crystal Flower Fashion October Belly Navel Ring Body Jewelry ||	  Very pretty, but the stick pin is huge  This pin is even prettier than the picture. The only problem, and it is a problem, is that the choice of the stick pin is poor if you plan to use this on any type of fabric that has a tighter weave (suiting, blouses). It would be good on loose weave sweaters, or perhaps wool, but unless the back pin is revised to make the tip rounded and the actual width of the needle much narrower (say like the size of a small eye sewing needle), it's not practical for wearing because it will leave large holes in your clothing. Too bad! <end>
 B000H6BYI4  Wide Slot Jewelry Ring Display Storage Case Holds 36 Rings with Lock- Cbc36 ||	  This will fit all your big rings, no problem!  Buy it and you will not be dissapointed. This fits a lot of rings and will fit all your big rings too. You cant go wrong, no complaints from me. <end>  does the job  This is great for my wide band rings! Outside is like a smooth grain black leather - not sure what material is but it looks like leather-ish material. Inside lining is felt and the foam padded slots allow you to put really wide band rings. I just bought my second one this company (Caddy Bay Collection) and am happy. Only complaint is that I wish they gave the option to have delivered to a PO Box as it is very difficult to get my packages via ups. The reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the quality is just fine but not expensive quality and I feel like it is just a bit over-priced. <end>  Not a bad product at all...  The worst thing about this ring case was the annoying "made in china" label. Once I got past that, though, I felt the quality is quite good, the slots are adequate for all the men's rings I placed into it, and the padding is attractive. Additionally, it closes tight and firm, and the little lock works fine.I think it's worth the price and has certainly organized my ring collection in an attractive way. <end>  perfect  Great to display my ring collection! Keeps them organized on display and I love it! Great for the price and for the amount of rings it holds! <end>  Works great  I've been starting to get more fashion rings and decided to get a nice case for them. This case is better than I expected. Fits most of my rings, even larger ones, but of course I have a few that are so large they take up more than one slot. But with how many ring slots this has and how many rings I have, it works just fine. One little downside is that it doesn't fit wide band rings as well. But I don't have a lot of those. Keeps my rings clean and organized. I open and close it at least once a day and the latch and hinges are still working great. There is protective velvet covered padding on both the bottom and top so rings are protected on all sides. Rings stay in place when moving the case around. <end>  Nice ring box  No complaints, it works well and looks good too. I recommend it to hold rings and the wide slots are useful for larger rings. <end>  Great value for the price  I ordered the wide slot ring boxes for my wife. She has so many rings that were crammed in her jewelry box, that she couldn't see them to enjoy them. This product worked perfectly. Not only do her rings with the wide bands fit, they make a beautiful display, and she can easily see what she wants to wear each day. We bought 2 boxes and now we are working on filling up the second box for her. For such an inexpensive price, it was a steal. <end>  Great Gift  I bought this for my mother as a birthday gift and she loves it since she can see all her rings at the same time. <end>  great product  i love my ring cases. if i could give 6 stars, i would. so glad i got 3 of them. hopefully i have enough for all my rings to come. it's just wonderful to have all the rings protected from banging into one another and to see immediately whatever you are looking for. like your own jewelers display case at home. you can't do without these cases. <end>  Satisfied customer  I am totally satisfied with this ring storage case. It's exactly what I was looking for to store all my rings in one single place. It was delivered quickly, it looks good and is of good quality. Great value for the price. <end>  it's what you would expect  I wasn't expecting a very high quality item considering the price. However when it arrived I was surprised to find that it wasn't a bad item. I just needed something for my mother for christmas and I knew she had a lot of rings she wanted to have in a nice case, so i picked this up. If I ever get a coupon that I could use on this item or Amazon ever runs a sale on this ring case, i'll pick another one up for my wife. <end>  This is a great product.  I searched all over for this type of product. I wanted to be able to store all my rings in one place and this works great. It is attractive and has a good closure. You could store it almost anywhere. It is sleek and stylish. A very good product. <end>  Nice item!  Nice ring box! I have large rings, mostly around size 10, with large stones. This box accommodates my biggest rings with plenty of room. All the rings are very easy to see. I'm happy with it! <end>  BEST VALUE GREAT PRODUCT  Thirty six slots wonderful. Box is well put together and looks good too. This is great value. Holds rings nicely the perfect gift for that woman (or man) that just lovesssssssssssss rings. ;) <end>  Ring storage Box  Loved the box---was perfect to store my rings(actually my collection of ring watches). Now I can see them all clearly without having to fumble through them. Quick shipping from the company too. <end>  Now, I can call myself "organized".  I have recently become "ring insane" and thought buying tons of rings would somehow make me flashy. I became flashy but also unorganized when I couldn't find any rings because I had them scattered all over the place. That's when this ring box came to the rescue... Not only does it house the larger rings I own, it also is slim enough to be tucked into a drawer. I plan on buying another one as soon as I've filled up the first one - which should be later this month. <end>  Works Perfectly  This works perfectly for my rings and my wider rings - both narrow and wide. <end>  I love it!  I am totally happy with this ring display case! It's exactly what I wanted, was delivered quickly, and is of good quality. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants an easy way to store, display and enjoy their rings! <end>  great  i have two of this holds my rings perfectly. everybody thinks that i sell rings lol but they are all mine great product <end>  ring case  This product was the perfect gift. Very nice looking and the perfect item for a person who has many rings and no where to keep them. <end>  Ring Storage Case  The value vs. the cost was balanced well & I feel that I got a decent product for the asking price. I was interested to find that it included a basic lock (key included), though I did have to reshape and file the edges of the key in order to actually use it. It didn't take much work to accomplish and it holds every last ring securely, from the smallest (I have small hands, so I have trouble with jewelry cases, as they often swallow my smaller rings) to the largest, including an adjustable sheath-style ring with 2 ring bands and a set of 3 nesting chevron-style rings. It holds each ring securely so that you don't have to worry about any slipping out of place if the case gets tipped over when transporting. It's not the highest quality but it's more than fair for the cost. <end>  Great case  This is a great case for the money. I was very happy with the quality and it makes my life so much easier!!! <end>  Very nice!  I really like this ring holder. Both my fat rings and slim rings fit beautifully. I also like the solid top instead of the glass top which lets in light. I am not too crazy about the lock so I will be removing it. I have no need for having it locked. This can also be nicely hidden in plain sight by layering it with books. The lining is very sturdy. Overall it is just a great ring box! <end>  Nice Case  Purchased this case for a friend to display some award pins and medals. It fit the job perfectly. Interior and outer fabic nicely fitted. The two halves align well and it`s even lockable. It`s about 12 inches by 8 inches. Price was good. Delivery was fast and accurate. ( You can always fill it with gold and silver jewelry if you desire ) <end>  Good Product  This fits in your handbag easily. I use it to travel with my jewelry. Very convenient and organized. Would make a nice gift. <end>  Good Ring Case  I like the case. It's well made. I do have to "push" my wide rings down into the foam slits to get them in. I would say after time that the foam will get the memory of the wide rings and be sloppy for narrow ones, but I can live with that. I would buy again considering price and quality. <end>  Just what I need!  It's very elegantly lined with black velvety material and fits all my rings perfectly. The box itself is very well built. For me this is the perfect size to put my handful of rings in and it easily fits in my drawers. Love it and am looking forward to filling it out! <end>  Perfect  I use this box to hold rings that mean a lot to me, but for one reason or another I do not wear often. They are safe and now I know exactly where to look for these special rings. <end>  just right  My grandmother, a ring collector, was very happy with this box. She was satisfied with the quality. Thanks for a decent price/ <end>  Love it!  If you want a small and classy case, this is it! It's beautiful and keeps so many of my rings in one safe place. I even love the fact that it has a key. Great product. <end>  Very nice  Very nice ring organizer. The actual box is relatively cheap looking, but it's an excellent organizer for rings.....any size rings. I have quite a few huge rings that I didn't think would fit, but it will hold them, plus thinner rings. Great purchase, very pleased! <end>  great choice jewelry case  I love the wide slot jewelry ring case.....holds 36 rings....It has made life much simpler having all my rings in one place! love it! Service was fast; couldn't have been better. <end>  wide slot ring box  i am very pleased with the 2 ring boxes irecently ordered. i have been going a little crazy on ebay buying lots of silver rings, and these boxes make it a lot easier to find what i want to wear each day!!! <end>  Awesome ring case  I am very very happy with this ring holder. It is so easy and convenient and nice looking. <end>  Just what I hoped it was  Very fast delivery. Quality box that was a nice as I had hoped it was. <end>  I have to many rings  I have to many rings and needed some where safe to put the all. I was hoping to find a jewelery box of some kind that had this many ring slots already built in, but it does the job. <end>  Ring Organizer  It is so great. I am now able to view all my rings at a glance. I love it. <end>  2 slot jewelry case  I was very surprised at the quality of the case. I really like it and will purchase another as I fill this one. <end>  Excellent,highly recommend.  I have purchased several of these ring organizers. I found them to be of excellent quality and highly recommend this item. <end>  display case  I was surprised at how fast the jewelry ring display case came. It was also great quality for the price. Very, very happy <end>  Ring jewelry box  The ring box is exactly what I was looking for. I had multiple rings in separate ring boxes and I needed to consolidate them so I could put them all in a safe. I can now grab one box instead of going through several to find the one I want to wear. The qualaity is also very good and what I expected. Thank you for the timely delivery also. <end>  Perfect for large and small rings  This case is perfect for all of my rings. I was concerned that my larger costume and cocktail rings would not fit, but they do. The case is simple and sleek looking, closes securely, and allows me to view all of my rings at once. I highly recommend this product. Very pleased with the seller as well. <end>  ring box  I was very happy with this purchase. The ring box holds all my rings including a big bulky plastic fashion ring. Very good value for the price. Also Amazon.com is a favorite web site, great service and I have never been disappointed with any purchase! <end>  nice  I have four of these boxes. They hold up well and are convenient. However, thicker(3/4 in) rings won't fit. I've enjoyed mine. <end>  Nice  I like this box. It's nice & stirdy & holds all but my widest bands. <end>  FITS ALL OF MY LARGE 8MM RINGS  I have never had a box to put my rings into until now.. I am surprised that my wide rings fit so well.....I wear large sizes up to size l4. The case takes up little space and is lockable. Looks good too; very understated. I would suggest purchasing the case. <end>  Not deep enough but beautiful case!  The case is very beautiful,the interior is velvet and makes the whole case look very nice, but the only thing that dissapointed me was the fact that the ring spaces are wide enough but not deep enough. My rings kept popping up. Other than that the case its beautiful! <end>  Ring Storage  This ring storage box is very well made the description on the website is exactly what I received. There's ample room for every size ring you may have specially the wide bands. I'm glad I got it. <end>  Best Company Ever!  The item came sooner than promised and was a great value. I wish all companies were as effecient as this one is. <end>  nice ring holder  it is nice but I have a couple of bulky rings and they often come out the ring space. other than that it good. <end>  Exactly as ordered.  "The storage case arrived within days of ordering it. Was exactly what I was looking for and holds all my rings comfortably. I have a Size 11 wide band ring that even fit in the slot! Definitely would order from this company again. <end>  Exactly what I was looking for & the price was excellence..  The case is not rosewood, but it is very servicable. Very sturdy, has a lock & key. My ring's fit in the slot's perfectly.. I would recommend this product to any one..Thank you Amazon, once again you came thru. Every time there is something I want or need 1 alway's go to your website & there it is. I buy almost all of my husband's novel's on there By ELMER KELTON. Please keep us updated on his lastest novel's, for they are hard to find.. Thank you Claudia..... <end>  Perfect for my needs  This box was perfect for my needs. I have about 20 men's rings from size 10.5 to 12 all with fairly wide banding and they all fit perfectly in the jewel box.......... <end>  Loved IT!  This Jewelry Ring Display is awesome. Perfect for a personal storage of all my rings, and a great display case to show others. <end>  wonderful storage case..  holds all my wide rings, (which other cases have only skinny little slots) and the skinny ones too. Slim design allows me to stack and save space too! <end>  Perfect for wide band rings!!!!  Perfect for all size of band rings, it holds my extra wide band rings and my skinny band rings with no slippage. <end>  very handy  this ring box is very well designed ---nearly all sizes/shank sizes of rings fit; the box is sturdy enough to travel with; and it is well sized for home safes... <end>  Ring Display Storage  This display case is a little bigger than a hard back book. I have a few larger type rings and have to skip a slot so they don't touch, but other than that, it is exactly what I was looking for. Very fair price and good quality. <end>  Holds All Your Rings  With most who bought this ring storage box  You cannot go wrong here. Holds all size rings. Great compact way to store a lot of rings. Oh yes,the build quality is very good. I purchased 5 boxes for now & the future. <end>  wide ring caddy  Wide Slot Jewelry Ring Display Storage Case Holds 36 RingsWonderful item. I've ordered four of these case. Two for myself and two for gifts. Highly recommend this item. Hope this was helpful for you. <end>  Perfect  This is exactly what I was hoping for. Very well made, and surprisingly inexpensive for the quality. <end>  Decent  Decent, but very hard to grip to get open. Also, the slots are too narrow for a few of my rings. Overall, the case is nice, but the lock is cheap, so its really not even necessary. My 8 year old niece could break into it. <end>
 B000H6FA84  Personal Jewelry Presentation Folder Storage Display Case ||	  Professional display  I purchased this item to show my work to potential buyers. I found that it is effective to show many of my pieces, and the materials used to make this folder is exceptional. Very professional looking and easy to carry around. If you have a ton of items then they tend to get tangled, but I don't believe it is intended for that purpose. <end>  moving overseas  i bought this to be able to move my limited jewelry collection overseas. i didn't want the movers to handle it, just something to pack in my carry-on so that it was in my control the whole trip. IT WORKED! all of my jewelry fit in it (admittedly, not a large collection), it had better features than expected -- the earring holder had pre-cut holes for the studs/hoops. overall good product. <end>
 B000H7333M  18K Gold & Silver Buckle Garnet Ring ||	  Nice looking ring  even though my spouse never wears his rings unless there is a special occasion, this ring is a really nice looking piece of jewelry, looks just like photo. <end>
 B000H769V0  Sterling Silver Italian Box Chain Necklace 0.8mm Very Thin Nickel Free, Sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great as expected  The chain is extremely thin, giving it a bit of an effeminate look. Thinner than I expected. but very good quality at a great price. <end>  excellent chain  excellent chain, just what i was after. would defo buy another like this in another size. not cheap looking and exactly what i was looking for. <end>  weak and cheap  On the second day after my purchase I was changing clothes and my Journey Diamond Pendant that I was wearing on this chain just fell on the floor, I picked it up to see what had happened and the chain had broken right in the middle, not at the clasp. Luckily I was at home at the time and felt it fall, otherwise I would have lost my diamond pendant. This was a waste of my money, it was cheap and very poorly made. As a backup, I had ordered two chains that same day, I am still wearing the second one. <end>  item not up to standards  I WAS VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE QUALITY OF THIS ITEM, INFACT THE CHAIN IS ALREADY BROKEN!!! <end>  Elegant & classy  I originally ordered the 18 inch, which was only a smidge longer than a regular necklace, so I returned it for the 24 inch. The return process was very easy (I did have to pay to send the first necklace back but not for the second necklace to be shipped to me). I love this necklace. It is elegant and classy, and just the right thickness (thick chains always make me feel like I should be in the mafia). It falls about an inch & a half below cleavage and is perfect for the mother's day pendant my husband bought me. It is about the same length as most of the Jcrew pendants I wear. <end>  Necklace chain  It came in very good packaging and it was exactly what i was looking for! Look a while to get here though. <end>  Beautiful  I really love this chain. I use it with pendants from my shorter necklaces for a different look. Great value!! <end>  very nice chain  Love this chain. It is very nice and thin. Love wearing it. Weareach day and never remove. Would recommend <end>  Great necklace  my wife loved her necklace, it exactly what she wanted not to big and to thin and she able to all the pendents she has they All fit great on it <end>  Beautiful  Very, very pleased. The necklace is delicate and is of good quality.Would definately reccomend this peice of jewelry.Thank you <end>  Chain  Nickel chain was just what I wanted. I like the length and the quality of this product. Very happy with it. <end>  Broke quickly  This chain broke right away, the clasp came apart from the chain. I would not purchase this itme again, sorry. <end>  Great!  This is a really great chain. It is sturdy, but still has a VERY delicate look to it. I don't wear heavy pendants on it, but I would be careful if you wear heavier pendants. <end>  Good price, terrible loop  The loop broke just after a day of owning it but beside that it's a pretty chain. It was a waste of money but I might figure a way to repair this on my own somehow. Returning it would cost too much money. Be sure when you pull the loop back to open it, not go too far, otherwise it'll break (common in chains). <end>  As thin & delicate as you can imagine...  I ordered the very thin Italian box (it's practically like a string), I figured the 1 mm might've been a bit thicker, this one is very thin, but I'm not complaining! It's very pretty & shiny! & I ordered the 22 in, which is a bit longer than I thought, still, no problem at all. I totally fell in love with this chain. Someone gave me the most beautiful religious pendant, I wanted to find the perfect chain for it, this was a great purchase! Plus, no allergic reaction around my neck. ;) <end>  WOW!  Love this product and the seller is super to work with. We'll do more business in the future! <end>  great quality. great vendor.  this is the 2nd or 3rd time i've ordered chains from this vendor and i've been happy w all my purchases. speedy, reliable delivery. <end>  Just beautiful!  This was a recent purchase and I absolutely love it. The chain is very delicate, yet sturdy, (at least so far). <end>  Nice Chain  I just received this chain today and its a very nice chain. However,I need one longer yet so I'll have to purchase another one but at least I'll know it will be a nice one. I'll use the one I got today for something else. Thank you Sabrina Silver for a nice chain. <end>  Awesome!  Beautiful box chain! Just like picture.. but more shiny! Great price and wonderful quality! Thanks! <end>  Beautiful delicate chain  LOVE this chain! It is long, thin and delicate. Very feminine and beautiful. Buy this! <end>  My favorite chain  I bought this chain to replace one that I'd had for years that had snapped right in the middle of the chain. I use this same chain to wear several different pendants and it's working out great! It's thin enough to work with smaller pendants and strong enough to handle those that are a little larger and heavier. Great purchase and a great price too! <end>  Nice & Durable  I order 2 different lengths of this thin box chain, both are lovely and very durable for everyday use and sleeping in. GREAT PRODUCT for a low price. Thanks! <end>  excellent  I got this chain in no time at all, and it's exactly as described. Love it. Will be back for more stuff <end>  Great Purchase  The quality of the necklace is excellent and the price is such a deal. The shipping was very fast also. Excellent purchase. <end>  Not bad, but could be better  I bought two of these chains, and they each were beautiful and had no major problems. However, both of them tended to break apart with little or no force. One got snagged in my hair and just very lightly tugging on it caused it to break. The other just broke out of the blue and fell off my neck. <end>  Thin necklace.  The necklace was just thin enough to hold my charm, but not too thin to worry about it breaking. <end>  Finally! The perfect silver pendant chain!!!  I am so picky about chains, I am very hard to please. Finally, I've found the perfect one. It is bright, but high quality, not dime-store bright. Shiny and strong, but also delicate and feminine. I like dainty jewelry, but not those chains that are so thin, they look like a dirty spider web around your neck. This is perfect! I looked at dozens and dozens of chains before trying this - don't worry, you will love it, and the price could not be better. Now, if they only had it in gold plated sterling silver, I'd never have to look for another seller for pendant chains... <end>  thin little chain  I am allergic to sterling silver. I have ordered countless items I have had to return because of adverse reactions. Amazingly, this chain, which I have doubled and wear as an ankle bracelet, has not bothered me at all. It hasn't turned me green or me, it. It hasn't caused red, itchy patches. It hasn't caused swelling. It doesn't look like the most expensive chain in the world, but it does the job and I haven't had any adverse reactions. <end>  too shiny  Well, the chain by itself is good & durable.. looks pretty too. However, I broke my previous chain is why I ordered it. That was way thinner, a lil less shiny so looked more original.. this is as shiny as a spoon... I kept it coz returning is like loosing 50% of money and getting nothing.Good for people looking for something shiny. <end>  Excellent Service  The chain is exactly what I was looking for. Excellent service and fast delivery. I will definately use SabrinaSilver again. Thank you so much. <end>  Exactly as described  The chain was not QUITE as delicate as I wanted, but it fit the description. A very bright silver finish. Well made, very sturdy. I was happy with the quality and value. <end>  Wow nice product super fast shipping!  I received this product 3 days after I ordered, so nice for non Amazon shipped!- Perfect condition- Thanks so much! <end>  very dainty chain  It came on time - it is very dainty - maybe a little too dainty, but I am wearing it as I write this <end>  Looks good  Reci=eive these the other day and they are just what I wanted to Christmas gift. I am sure they will be happy with them <end>  Turned black  It turned black in less than two days! It was a beautiful chain and it arrived on time but turned out to be cheap. I guess you get what you pay for! <end>  NICE CHAIN...PERFECT FIT FOR MY NEED  I bought this chain to wear with my fleur de lis charm. It worked very well and now I have a necklace that I can wear with my fleur de lis earrings. GEAUX SAINTS! The chain seems to be very strong considering its size. It is a fine chain.....not a heavy one. I would recommend this chain to someone looking for a good chain at a fair price. <end>  amazing service  Nice quality and reasonable price! I order too small and got in touch with them about an Exchange. The only cost to me was for the longer chain. They got my new one to me next day. I appreciate the service that was provided. <end>  Very disappointed  I think I must have received a different product than other reviewers, because the chain that arrived has nothing in common with these glowing recommendations. It's thick - much thicker than the photo here. (For reference, mine is nearly as thick as the smaller ring that attaches the chain to the clasp, not about 1/4 as thick as the picture makes it appear). It also measures in at around 23 inches, rather than the 22-inch length that was ordered. Additionally, the chain does not hang or "flow" properly. It's stiff, and full of little kinks and twists no matter how much I try to smooth it out. When I try it on, it looks more like something you would get from a vending machine than from a jeweler's.After the cost of shipping, it's almost not worth returning it, but I thought I'd leave my experience to warn others that your mileage may vary with this product. For what it's worth, mine was fulfilled by University Gifts. Sorry to be so negative... I feel bad, but this is the most disappointed I've been from an Amazon order. <end>  Nice necklace.  This is a nice necklace, and just what I was looking for. It is a short chain, and great to place a charm on it. I am certianally, not dissappointed that I got it. <end>  Pretty  Beautiful and very classy! Product is great quality and it has done wonderfully since I bought it. It is extremely dainty and yet so strong. <end>  Beautiful Chain!  I had been looking for a chain for a while to go with a special pendant that came on a different chain. This was the perfect length, sturdy yet delicate and just the right length. I love it and wear it everyday. <end>  Sturdy & delicate!  It's sturdy, but delicate and beautiful at the same time. The length is perfect (I got 18") and I don't have to worry about it tarnishing or rusting because it IS sterling silver. Great buy. Will definitely return for future purchases! <end>  Good  Even though this necklace is thin, it did not break even when my 3 year old was tugging on it. It's simple and pretty to the eye. As far as the inches, 22in stops right into your cleavage line. I suggest the next size up or down if you want it to be seen while wearing V-neck or deep neckline shirts. <end>  Very Nice  I ordered this necklace to put a charm on and it has been perfect. Very nice looking and order was filled quickly. <end>  Favorite chain I ordered for every day use!  My wife ordered this, so here is her review Sabrina Silver is a great company to order from. They combine shipping without having to request it and shipping is quick.I ordered several chains to cover my most worn charms and pendants. I rotate the charms/pendants, so I don't need the exact same number of chains. However, I was having to change the charm/pendant way too often! In my first round of orders, I neglected to get a single 18-inch length because it isn't my favorite length. However, I found it is appropriate for certain charms and necklines. This very thin Italian box chain is quite nice. Delicate, but sturdy enough for my charms and I love nickel-free. I am very happy with this purchase. It is my second or third time ordering from Sabrina Silver and I highly recommend them! <end>  Not so very thin  Transaction was very smooth-Very quick shipping. However-i was looking for a very thin sterling silver chain-I was surprised and disappointed by how heavy and shiny fake looking this was, but I was not out a lot of money <end>  GREAT  This sterling silver chain is just what I was looking for. Bought it as a replacement for a broken one. Looks great with my diamond snowflake pendant. <end>  Great chains and great value  These chains saved me! I ordered some pearl pendants for my bridesmaids and was highly disappointed when they arrived - the chains were cheap and discolored. I tried to clean them but the brownish discoloration would not go away. With only a couple of weeks before the wedding, I decided to try to order these new chains. Not only did the chains arrive in just days, they were so beautiful and went so well with the pearl pendants. It made the necklaces look 10 times better. All the girls loved them. <end>  Beautiful Chain  This is a beautiful chain and it was a great price. I ordered it as a gift for a pendant that didn't come with a chain. It fit inside the pendent's loop perfectly and looked lovely. <end>  Excellent!!!  I would definitely order from this seller again. It arrived very fast and exactly as described. Excellent product!!! <end>  PERFECT!!!  I ordered this chain to replace a broken one, and I needed to find a chain to put my pendant on. I needed something very thin for the pendant to fit on it, and this was absolutely perfect!! It's very pretty, you'd never think it was so economical. I am very pleased and would recommend this chain to others. <end>  Rusted after one wear  I ordered this chain for a pendant I already owned. After wearing it once, it lost it's color and started to rust. I do live close to the beach, but I am not sure if this has anything to do with it. Also, you get what you pay for... <end>  Sterling Silver Necklace  I wanted to find good quality sterling silver necklaces at a good price as a gift for my bridesmaids. This product was exactly what I was looking for! It is a great quality and I was very pleased with the way it was packaged when it arrived. I would absolutely recommend this item and company. <end>  Great and speedy!  The chain came in record time. I was worried that it would be poor quality because it was relatively inexpensive, but it turns out it's one of the nicer chains I have to put a little pendant on! Pretty and shiny! <end>  A Perfect Chain  This chain is the perfect thickness and length. If you are looking for a delicate chain this is the one for you. <end>  nice chain  Arrived exactly as pictured and described. Just what I was looking for. <end>  exactly what I wanted  I can't go an hour with a necklace that is not nickel free without breaking out in a rash on my neck. Plus it is hard to find just a silver chain (in multiple lengths) at stores. I have worn this chain often with no break out and even went back and ordered a second one in a longer length! <end>  Sterling Silver 0.8 mm Very Thin Italian Box Chain NICKEL FREE  Bought for my daughter a couple years ago. This has become her favorite chain. Can't beat the price. <end>  Beautiful Chain  This chain arrived quickly and it was exactly as described! I love it! <end>  Thin and sturdy  I bought this chain to put a charm on that the chain it came with had broken. This chain is very thin but also very durable. I wear it all day everyday and it doesn't give me any problems. <end>  Beautiful!  This chain is absolutely beautiful! It has a delicate appearance, but is very strong. Gorgeous silver, very lightweight. Overall excellent! <end>  Good product, fair price  I needed a chain for a pendant that I purchased, and this chain works very well. Appears to be good quality and apart from a slight discoloration at one end, which I was able to remove with polish, it's a great buy. <end>  good seller  the necklaces were shipped quickly and were exactly what i wanted. i would recommend this seller <end>
 B000H860WM  Medium Thin Sterling Silver Italian ID Bracelet Cuban Link 3/16 inch wide NICKEL FREE, sizes 7 - 8 inch ||	  ID Bracelet  Take out a ruler, because if you think it's thin, you're right. It was a nice bracelet all in all. I was slightly disappointed to see miniscule scuff marks on it -- it wasn't as "clean" as some silver jewelry is. Then again, it was only $17. For anyone buying this for a man, I would suggest the next one up. The thicker one. <end>
 B000H86JR8  Sterling Silver Stretch Bangle, 4 Section Triple Beads ||	  Must have for every wardrobe!  The Sterling Silver Stretch Bangle Triple Bead bracelet is perfect for casual or dressy occassions! It is the perfect addition to any outfit! I have looked for a long time for one like this.. THE one I purchased from Sabrina Silver is of very good quality Sterling Silver.. I am very happy with my purchase and will purchase from this vendor again. <end>
 B000H9XCZ4  Full Metal Alchemist State Military Insignia Necklace ||	  Best gift ever!  Really thick high quality metal. I gave this to my daughter for a gift anf she loves it! Wears it almost daily. Definitely got the cool mom of the year for this one. <end>
 B000HAKKRQ  18k White Gold 1/3 Carat Round Cut Cathedral Solitaire Diamond Ring (G-H ; SI1-2) ||	  One year later, still beautiful  I have been wearing this ring since March of 2008 and it is still beautiful. Classic design, not overstated, but elegant. I receive many compliments. <end>
 B000HAKNIC  14k Yellow Gold 1/3 Carat Round Cut Cathedral Solitaire Diamond Ring (G-H ; SI1-2) ||	  she said yes!  Beautiful ring, simple yet elegant. Very nice setting. The diamond is recessed so it's great for someone who works with their hands. Her eyes were sparkling as much as the ring. Loves it. <end>
 B000HAO3BU  14k White Gold 1/3 Carat Round Cut Cathedral Solitaire Diamond Ring (I-J ; I1-2) ||	  I mean it's okay. The picture is much nicer than the real thing but...  It's an okay diamond I guess, if you like solitaires. The band underneathe the stone had two ends that are uneven. It's not noticable to anyone else not looking at it closely, but since I own it & inspect it closely on a daily basis...I notice it and it bothers me! <end>
 B000HAX10Y  Sterling Silver Synthetic Opal Inlay Dome Ring w/ CZ Stone accents, 3/8 inch Wide ||	  Sterling Silver, Synthetic Opal Inlay Dome Ring w/ CZ Stone  Sterling Silver, Synthetic Opal Inlay Dome Ring w/ CZ Stone accents, was a great deal! This ring is nice and well made. The price was great also.I would recommend this product. <end>
 B000HAZZRG  Sterling Silver Synthetic Opal Bracelet Diamond Shaped Links, 7 1/4 inch long ||	  A great buy on a beautiful bracelet  It's beautiful (my wife LOVED it), has a very robust clasp (important, because my wife lost an opal bracelet when the clasp opened) and it's priced right. A great value from Sabrina Silver and Amazon. <end>  Great value!  I purchased this bracelet for myself almost a year ago and should have written this review then but forgot. I am shopping for another bracelet (to add to the first) and this prompted me to write a review on the bracelet I already have.I wear this bracelet every day. It is very pretty, the color in the opal is very attractive and after nearly a year, the bracelet is wearing extremely well.IMPORTANT .... about the CLASP. Many sterling silver and (synthetic) opal bracelets have a "snap" type clasp with a safety "8" on either side. Those clasps never stay closed securely and cannot be tightened. THIS BRACELET HAS A FOLD OVER CLASP which is very safe and has never come undone accidentally.The other nice thing about this bracelet -- apart from looking nice and having a secure clasp -- is that it is a little longer than average .... it is 7 1/2 inches when clasped so it is not a tight fit on most wrists.I hope you will be as happy with your choice as I was and now I'm going to order another in a different style and wear both together. <end>
 B000HB0MPU  Sterling Silver Synthetic Opal Inlay Ring w/ Princess Cut Amethyst CZ Center 5/16 inch Wide ||	  Princess Cut Amethyst  It is absolutely beautiful. I got it BEFORE I thought I would and LOVE it - I wear it everday! <end>
 B000HB1JW0  Pugster Christmas Vintage Inspired Cheerful Santa Claus On Silver Sledge Swarovski Crystal Brooches And Pins For Holiday Gifts ||	  PUGSTER IS A WINNER  THERE IS AN ENORMOUS SELECTION TO CHOOSE. THE BROOCHES ARE BEAUTIFUL AND IN FASHION. THE WAY THEY SIT ON YOUR JACKET OR SWEATER WITHOUT HANGING TOWARDS THE FRONT IS GREAT.THE PROMPTNESS IN THE PURCHASE, CHANGES, SHIPPING, ETC. ARE EXCELLENT. THE BEST PART IS THAT YOU CAN BUY PUGSTER THROUGH AMAZON WHICH IS THE MOST OPEN MINDED, GLOBALIZZED ESELLING PAGE IN THE WORLD. <end>
 B000HB8FKY  Moonstone bracelet, 'Hope' 0.4" W 7.1" L ||	  Beautifully Made Bracelet!  I found this bracelet on Amazon.com several months before I actually purchased it. I thought the price was a bit high, which is what kept me from buying it. One day in October, I had a very bad week at work and at home...so I went on a little shopping spree. This was the first item I bought. I'm extremely happy that I did. The moonstones are beautiful and show the different hues perfectly. I love the marquis cuts on all the stones. Each link is fastened nicely and isn't clunky or stiff. I received the bracelet in a beautiful bracelet box along with a hand-written postcard from the designer. This made the purchase all the better. I treasure this bracelet and I always go back to the website to look for more items. <end>
 B000HBI8RY  10mm Wide Embossed Celtic Knot Pattern Titanium Wedding Band Ring(Sizes 6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Survived being run over by a car....  Very durable ring. Ran over it with my civic, bent it a bit, but very easy for a jeweler to put it back into shape. <end>  i haven't taken it off since i got it  i've always loved celtic knot-work patterns and i was immediately drawn to this ring. i know most people would be using it as a wedding band, but i find it works beautifully as an every day ring, in fact i haven't taken it off since i got it. i was more than pleasantly surprised at the colour of the metal - sort of gun metal grey with highlights of bright silver. and it only gets more beautiful as you wear it. the ring is a little thick, so it takes a little time to get used to, but it's well worth it. <end>  A little rough around the edges  Love the design and feel of the ring. Originally ordered the wrong size but customer service was great handling the return. The only downside is the edges of the ring are rough. <end>  Awesome company  Shop at this site. Bought this item times two because we wanted new wedding bands. The items shipped fast. Had to return for a different size and exchange was no problem. Have the new ones and love them. Can't wait to shop at silver insanity again. Quality and service top-notch. <end>  Disappointed in Size Nine  This ring in a size nine doesn't come with the lighter middle section and trust me it matters. Don't buy a size nine if you need a matching set. Other than that it's a nice ring. <end>
 B000HBIT00  Sterling Silver Winged Skull Ring 3/16 inch wide, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Very nice  I just got my ring today and I love it. It's subtle and dainty and the detail is great. Of course, it's smaller than the photograph shows because they enlarge the photo to show the detail. The part of the band that you don't see while wearing it is thin enough to be very comfortable without seeming cheap or not sturdy.A lovely "memento mori" type design that reminds me of some of the gorgeous carvings on old gravestones. Because of the antiquing, it even manages to look "weathered" like the old carvings are. I could not be happier with this ring. It's a good reminder that "no-one lives forever"! <end>  Small yet Satisfying.  When I added this ring to my wish list, I hadn't read any reviews but if I had, I wouldn't have added it. However, I'm glad I skipped the reviews because they make it seem like a piece of junk, which it's not.Sure, this ring is small and dainty and may not look great on thick fingers (though mine is an 8.5 and looks just fine). I like that the skull is smaller and that maybe at first glance you can't tell what it is exactly. My antiqueing in the face of the skull has started to come out, which I also prefer. It's still in the wings.The band is quite thin but I've been wearing this ring daily for a year now and it's still okay. I was concerned it would bend or snap because I am rough with rings... but it's still doing great.I love my ring and if it ever breaks (which I hope it won't) I'll buy another one in a heartbeat.(--reviewed by the wife of Nathaniel Blasi--) <end>  ok  Well, the skull is definitely smaller than the picture. The wings are different too because they spread out farther into the band of the ring. I was disappointed that the skull was that small though. The band is thin too. Would be worth it if it was $3-4 rather than $7.80. However it is sterling silver. <end>  Not as shown  The ring I received is nothing the way its shown in the photo. The band is really small and the skull is a tiny little dot that is barely recognizable. I also do not believe that its sterling silver because my finger turned green the first time I wore it. I am definately disappointed in my purchase. <end>  Just Lovely  The first two reviews for this ring do not do it justice. Infact, they're just plain wrong. The skull is not tiny and the band is not thin. Clearly, neither of those two reviewers has any concept of craftsmanship.I am Catholic. Like so many others of my generation, I've fallen in love with the way Catholicism used to be. Proper attire at mass, prayers in Latin, Gregorian Chant, incense and sanctuary candles. Somewhere along the line I decided I wanted a Memento Mori. Memento Mori means Remember Death. Many saints are pictured with skulls. I am a member of the Secular Franciscan Order. St. Francis is often pictured with skulls. St. Benedict tells us to contemplate our own mortality daily. So many of life's little difficulties are easier when you keep in mind you might be around tomorrow.I wanted something delicate, simple and small. So based on the two reviews, I picked this ring. Plus, the winged skull is just my favorite style of Memento Mori. Even if the idea of it is corrupted by styrofoam headstones on Halloween.I was surpised when the ring arrived. The band is a standard 5mm. Just like the $50 poesy ring I got from another jeweler. The portion, of course, with the wings and skull is much wider. The definition of the skull and wings is just lovely. While the description of the ring does not state that it's hand crafted, I believe it is, due to subtle variations from the image pictured here. My skull has a bigger grin than the one pictured. <end>
 B000HBLWG8  Grafco Patient ID Bracelet - Adult 4"-9" Box  500 ||	  Great!  We bought these for something at our church and they turned out to be exactly what we needed for the series we were doing. <end>  Adequate product.  The price was right! They are a little flimsy but it meets our needs. I will order them again when needed. <end>
 B000HBMNT8  Sterling Silver Allah Ring 7/16 inch wide, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  Simpl and Elegant  I brought two of these rings I like them so much. There not big and gaudy and I have many copliments on it. People always want to know what the words and symbols mean. this is a great buy for the price <end>  Great ring  The ring is very nice looking and it looks exactly like it's photo. This ring is definitly for those who are muslim and that want to rock an allah ring <end>
 B000HBOCBA  Sterling Silver Egyptian Ankh Ring Link Series, size 9.5 ||	  Ankh Ring  I down rated this ring due to the sharp ends of the Ankhs. I don't wear it much because it catched on clothes & other items. <end>
 B000HBOCUG  Sterling Silver Cross Spinner Ring ||	  Terrible quality.  I bought this from Sabrina Silver. It was terrible quality. Looked like it had been cut out with a band saw. And they sent me a size that wouldn't fit. I tried all my fingers to no avail. I won't be buying from these folks again. <end>  Happy Biker  The person I bought this for, A Biker dude reallyliked the spinner ring. Good quilty, I would by another. <end>
 B000HBOCVK  Sterling Silver Skull Poison Ring, sizes 6 - 10 ||	  Somewhat disappointed...  I received this ring as a birthday present and love the design! I immediately put it on, and within a day the opening would randomly open when I moved my hand which is quite annoying. I didn't plan on keeping anything in it, but as I said it does get annoying, and although I could just glue or solder is shut, that defeats the purpose of the ring. <end>  interesting piece  You'll have to solder it shut if you put anything in it and want to keep it. It's not well make and a little on the cheap side. Thankfully the person I bought it for was able to solder his shut. <end>
 B000HBRKAU  Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings, thin 1 mm tube 1 1/4 inch round ||	  1 3/16" ( 30 mm ) Diameter Sterling Silver Endless Hoop Earrings,  I liked the earrings. I have been wearing them for the last two weeks.I am pleased with material, I am not allergic to them. <end>  thin but cute  I liked how the earrings looked on my ears...they just came off too easily. I have some active grand kids who play ruff. The clasp on the earrings did not hold tight enough. I wear them when I am not around active kids. <end>
 B000HCLHAI  Sterling Silver Oval Frame 14X10mmm Blue Agate Mother and Baby Pendant w/18" Chain ||	  Beautiful  well this isnt as big as you'd think. About the size of the fingernail on your pinky.the item is also very 3D, I thought it would be a smooth surface, but the image jumps out toward you off of the background. which is a nice surprise.I'm happy with this item and am sure it will be well recieved as a gift. <end>  Sterling Silver Oval Agate Cameo Pendant  A very beautiful piece of jewelery presented in a beautiful velvet display card with a beautiful velvet bag and all the details about it on a card in an envelope. I was very happy with it, and I am sure my step daughter will love it. <end>  Makes a great gift!  I gave this to my wife. Makes a great gift. Lots of Sentemental value to a mother. <end>
 B000HCLNRA  Sterling Silver Swirl Drop Earrings With Garnet by Zina ||	  Beautiful, good quality  I bought these earrings for my 10 year old daughter. She loved them. They are exactly as pictured on this site. They are not too big and neither too small that they don't get noticed. The quality is very good, and the finishing is beautiful. I think she will enjoy them for a long time. <end>  Nice product  Very nice earrings. I bought these as a Valentine gift. The recipient loved them. <end>
 B000HCLNU2  Zina Sterling Silver Men's Stratus Curb Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  Nice, but very Expensive for the weight!  When I viewed this on line and read the description, I expected a bracelet that felt heavier.I recently purchased an equally good looking, actually better, sterling men's bracelet twice the weight of this one on eBay for half the price of this one. <end>
 B000HCNA8U  14K White Gold 1.00 Carat. Diamond Reversible Hoop Earrings ||	  Cute design but bad quality diamonds +one diamond missing on arrival.  This is the first time I buy jewelry online and I probably will never do it again if the item includes any diamonds or other stones (unless I am dealing with reputable companies/brands). The reason being that diamonds (I feel) you have to judge in person. I bought this as a gift for my sister and had shopped around in regular jewelry stores before I decided to buy these earrings. I decided to buy these because it seemed like a really good deal compared to what I saw in jewelry stores. For the same amount of diamonds (1 carat) you have to at least pay double in stores, the quality of the diamonds where however not good.My detailed opinion Diamonds First of all, one diamond was missing when it arrived so of course I have to send it back. I am surprised that they do not make sure the product is not defect before they ship it (the missing diamond was not loose in the box either so it cannot have fallen out during shipping). Second, the quality of the diamonds is really low. I see that the review above raves about the sparkle and it is possible that the quality varies from pair to pair but if that is the case I was not lucky with the pair I received. About a couple of diamonds on each is actually clear, the rest is either whitish-cloudy or gray which does not give the earring a uniform appearance. On closer inspection I can see that many of the diamonds (around 15-20%) have indentations on the top surface. It looks like they have not been cut properly. I will definitely go back to jewelry store and buy a pair with smaller amount of diamonds for similar price because even with less diamonds they look much nicer. I guess I should have known that less (amount of diamonds) sometimes is more and less (price wise) is not always more. ;-)The design and craftsmanship of the gold part of the earrings They are very cute and nicely made. The quality of the gold and how it is made looks high-end. The hinge is practically seamless and it seems to close securely on the ear. The size is perfect on the ear and if it were not for the issues with the diamonds I would have loved them.The jewelry box (info for those who are buying a gift and wants to know) The box on a scale from 1-10 is a 6-7. The box is nice and big and is blue (top and bottom) and yellow (sides) patterned faux leather on the outside and white soft faux leather on the inside. The box for some reason has a gold R on the outside but Netaya printed on the inside of the lid (this part looks a little cheap because it is a badly glued on sateen fabric piece with some loose threads and slightly wrinkled).Shipping It arrived on time and well packaged. Now that I'll have to return it I hope that they will refund me the money I'll have to pay for mailing it back since it was a defect pair of earrings.Will I buy from Netaya again?Probably, if I am looking to buy gold or silver jewelry without stones and if the return of the merchandise and refund goes smoothly.Hope you found this review helpful. Good luck jewelry shopping! <end>  ABSOLUTELY AMAZIN!  I was skeptical about these hoops thinking they would be tiny, they are far from that! I honestly am afraid to wear them outside! They are brilliant and beautiful. For the price you definintely get evey pennys worth! You can see them from a mile away! <end>
 B000HCNH24  Zina Sterling Silver Swirl Drop Earrings With Amethyst ||	  A nice gift  I bought these as a gift for my wife on Valentine's day. This design matched nicely with her Tanzanite and silver jewelry purchased on holiday in Cancun.The earrings are well made, the stones are set well, and the size is just right -- not overbearing, but visible to others. These earrings are not "fancy" jewelry, but casual and fun. I thought they were a nice value, and most importantly, my wife really likes them. <end>  Good earrings.  These were bought to match a pendant and they are a nice good purple typical of amethyst. I do think these are a little more expensive than they should be compared to some of the other amazon pieces but nevertheless they are nice. <end>  Beautiful earrings.  These earrings are really pretty and the color of the stones is deep and intense. The ear wires are thicker than many, making them sturdier - but also a little harder to get in if one is not used to ear wires of this gauge. <end>  Beautiful earrings  Purchased these earrings as a gift. They arrived nicely packaged. Very happy with quality of earrings. Sturdy, smooth setting. Beautiful color. Quality, weighty feel for earrings of such delicate size. Swirl design appears on back of earring and open gem setting allows light to pass through the amethyst which is visible from the back of the earring as well. Recipient was also very pleased! <end>
 B000HCRAI6  Zina Sterling Silver Swirl Drop Earrings With Blue Topaz ||	  Disappointing, and not very blue topaz.  Overall these are disappointing. First, the length is smaller than advertised, under 1 3/16 inches, that is about 30mm, as compared to the advertised 35 mm in the product specifications table. More importantly, unlike the photo, the "blue" topaz is so pale as to look white rather than blue. The result is that the stone blends in so completely with the silver that it is essentially invisible except under very close up examination. In fact, at first I thought there was no stone at all.On the plus side, they are fairly sturdy and feel like good quality, but I shall have to make an emergency trip to the mall for a different gift. <end>  Stunning!  Bought this as a gift for my wife and she loved it.Its been 5 months since I purchased this pair and it looks brand new.Not sure if the $70 was worth it..but.. not forgetting the anniversary...priceless. <end>  Nice quality, good price at the time.  Nice quality, good price at the time. Bought these a as gift for my daughter, she wears them frequently. <end>  Great quality  I was pleased to see how nice these earrings were. Very nicely detailed and nice quality topaz. <end>  Very pretty earrings with nice quality  These earrings are of very nice quality and were what I expected. I am pleased with these. <end>
 B000HCRAK4  Zina Sterling Silver Bracelet With Peridot Stations, 7" ||	  Peridots are darker than the picture  This bracelet has a good artisan's touch but the peridots are hard to see under inside lighting. The color of the stones are much darker than is shown in amazon's picture. It is a decent silver piece for a teenager and can probably be found alot cheaper at a local arts fair. <end>
 B000HCS9PO  Sterling Silver Polished Fluted Hoop Earrings ||	  Nice Earrings  I really liked these earrings. I've been looking for a basic sterling silver hoop earring. I finally found these on Amazon and thought the price was great. It has a solid feel to it, but not too heavy & the latch feels secure. <end>  Get opaque easily  These hoops are really gorgeous, but get opaque very easily while handling. The hook needs a bit of adjusting so they close properly too. They look very nice though, I guess you just need to clean them often! <end>
 B000HDEQ1Y  All-Natural Genuine 6x4 mm, Oval Aquamarine earrings set in 14k Yellow gold ||	  Oval Aquamarine earrings  I bought these for my mom as a birthday gift. It's her birthstone. They arrived fairly quickly and were packaged well. When I first looked at them they didn't seem to be as dark,as what I viewed online. But when my mom put them in, they were beautiful. The color was great and they had a lot of fire to them. The size was perfect. Not to big, not too small. I would recommend these if you are looking for a nice, simple set of aquamarine earrings. <end>
 B000HDMS5U  Sterling Silver Italian Puffed Anchor Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 3.4 mm Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Lovely chain, interesting design  I bought this along with several rolo chains, mainly out of curiousity for the style of the links. This is a slightly heavier chain at 1/8" so not the typical chain for a pendent, though it certainly would be nice with the right one. The links remind me of soda pop tops linked together. That's not to imply it's cheap looking, in fact it's very nice; just a bit different. It's a good style to wear alone, or with several chains of varying lengths together. Overall I liked it. The 4 stars are for personal taste only. I prefer the spiga and rolo chains a bit more. <end>
 B000HEEYRE  Irish Celtic Claddagh Rosary ||	  received a very cheap replica of item in photo  I did not receive what is pictured. I received a very, very cheap replica of the photo. It had similar colors only! It wasn't in that shape at all with the circle--it was a flimsy plain cross in fake plastic. A total, complete fraud--I literally did not receive the item pictured, but rather a plain cross with the green beads that was very, very cheap. <end>  Wonderful  This rosary came in wonderful shape, and was just like it showed. The order's delivery came in very fast, which was amazing since it was a gift. <end>
 B000HER73M  Engraved Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet - "My Friend, You are the Sister I Wish I Had" ||	  Can't tell a book by it's cover  This bracelet is far more beautiful in person. I bought for a very special friend who I cherrish. This bracelet says just that and something that she can have forever. <end>
 B000HER75U  'Orion' - Forged Sterling Silver Cuff Bracelet ||	  Absolutely Beautiful  Purchased this cuff as a Christmas present. It arrived quickly and was even prettier than the picture. The cuff was also sturdy - not cheap, thin or flimsy. <end>
 B000HG133A  Sterling Silver Clear Crystal Bracelet Earrings with Necklace Jewelry Set Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Beautiful Swarovski Crystal set  These crystals are very elegant and beautiful! Ideal for wearing with a wedding dress or at Christmas/New Years. They are made for those special occasions where you want to shine! <end>  Very Happy  This product is very good, it is high quality and spark-ly it made my wife very happy and has very good clasps on it. <end>  Silver Swarovski Crystal set  I bought this set for my son's wedding in Las Vegas...they were gorgeous!!! I will do business again! <end>
 B000HG9AW6  Cubic-zirconia Rhodium Finish Sterling Silver Chandelier Earrings ||	  Lovely but disappointing...  I love these earrings, but they keep breaking on me. I've ordered 2 pair, I get lots of compliments, but the stones fall off to easily. I wish they would standup to daily use. <end>
 B000HG9B5C  By Artist Tabegay  Beautiful! Genuine Navajo Sterling-silver-12k Gold filled Story-Teller Men's Women's Bracelet ||	  Love it  My daughter and I bought this for my husnad for Father's Day. He is a writer and very inspired by its design (Story teller.) He loves it and I love the way it looks on his wrist! Also, the Seller shipped the product very quickly and I was happy to receive the product sooner than expected. Great customer service! <end>  Beautiful!  I bought this as a gift for my hubby. It is beautiful... According to him, it fits like a charm and very comfortable. He abosolutely loves it! <end>
 B000HG9B6Q  BY Navajo Artist  Beautiful! Sterling-silver Bear Turquoise Navajo dangle-earrings ||	  Navajo Sterling Silver/Turquoise Earrings  These earrings are beautiful, great quality silver & turguoise, & look terrific with some of my other silver/turquoise jewelry; I love how they were made by an actual Navajo artist in New Mexico! <end>
 B000HG9L5C  All-Natural Genuine 6x4 mm, Pear Shape Sapphire pendant set in 14k White Gold ||	  looks better on the net  I ordered this necklace for my mom as a gift and thank goodness I did it with lots of advance time because it really failed to impress me. The chain was so flimsy and the clasp seemed sure to fail. The pendant didn't reflect that color seen in the picture. It didn't win me over at all, so I returned it. <end>  Way more beautiful in the picture than in real life  I was disappointed when I received this in the mail as it was way more pretty in the picture. The color of the stone is way off, I found it very dark, and the chain was very low quality. <end>
 B000HGDQ9O  All-Natural Genuine 5x3 mm, Pear Shape Sapphire pendant set in 14k Yellow gold ||	  Picture is a little misleading  Before you decide to purchase this necklace, be sure to read the description very carefully and actually look at a metric ruler to see the size of the stone. The picture makes it look much larger than it really is. The chain is actually very delicate and the stone is very tiny. But, in the end, you get what you pay for. A tiny precious stone for $95 seemed to be a bit expensive. All in all, my daughter loved the necklace because she loves small delicate jewelry. I felt the price was a bit much for the size, though. <end>
 B000HGFQTC  14k Yellow Gold Oval Link Drop Earrings w/ Amethyst ||	  Perfect with black turtleneck  These are perfect; they are dramatic and not flashy. I wore them to work and received a lot of praises from people. I gave 4 stars because I had to have them repaired prior to first wear. Both posts do not fit well with backs, but its an easy fix. <end>
 B000HGGGTG  Sterling Silver Children's Flower Earrings ||	  Awesome for a little girl  This is the second pair of these I've bought. I bought the first pair when my daughter was only about 9 or 10 months old and she started tugging at her earrings. The fact that they have screw backs and are in a silver tone at such a good price sold me. She is now 2 and lost a back to an earring a few weeks ago while we were on a field trip with my son. Couldn't find it anywhere, so I automatically purchased the exact same ones. Can't recommend them enough. <end>  Beautiful but not quality  These earrings came just as pictured. We loved them. However, one of the backs was stripped (the grooves inside for screwing). Sadly, one week after we received them, the one with the loose back was lost. <end>  Worth Their Weight in Silver  After searching far and wide, I would have to say that these are the best silver infant earrings that I've found. The best thing about them is that the screw back caps will not cut up the back of your child's ears, like many earring do. The back actually completely covers the point that goes through the ear, so their is no possibility of your child being scraped up. These earring are nice and flat, so they are less likely to get caught or snagged on clothing-- a big plus. The flower is cute and understated, a feminine touch without being too flashy. These earring are small, but not tiny.My daughter has worn these earring since she was 8 months old. Now at 17 months old, I've contemplated changing her out into some hoops, but since I've had no problems with these, I'll save the hoops until she is older. This is a great infant earring. <end>  Love it!  Such a great pair of earrings for the price. They are even prettier in reality than the picture. The earrings' post is long enough so that the child can continue to wear them as he/she grows. The screwback works great - we haven't lost one yet! <end>  Good while still under warrenty  My husband and I found these and read reviews and had to get a pair for our then 8 month old who has had her ears pierced since she was 9 weeks. They were wonderful and pretty and everyone commented on them. Then one morning my husband was holding our daughter and I noticed a flower was missing, so I looked in her bed and found just the flower, so I looked at my daughters ear and the post was still in it, so I figured i just pull it out backwards no problem, but a tiny part of the back of the flower was stuck to the end of the post. So to conclude my issue I had to use pliers to hold the post so I could unscrew the back, while my 10 month old scream for her life in her daddy's arms. <end>  Perfect  Bought this for my daughter she kept pushing the regular backs in earings in too far - they are fantastic she wears them all the time and loves them <end>  Bling for our baby.  I bought these for our nine-month-old granddaughter. My main considerations were finding earrings small enough and &#34;safe&#34; enough (with screwbacks). These earrings fit those criteria. They look adorable on our baby. <end>  Just As Described  The earring are the perfect size and were made very well. Would order for any one else who needs childrens earrings <end>  Great for baby  Picked these up for my 1 year old and the are great. Most importantly she can't pull them out thanks to the screw on backs. <end>  Super cute  My daughter's 2 years old so I wanted an everyday earring that was durable and different. I was totally impressed by the durability as these are pretty sturdy earrings. I loved the screwbacks they fully enclose the post, so no extra earring scratching against my daughter's skin.Love them.. <end>  Best earrings for toddlers  My daughter was having a hard time convincing her 3 year old to keep her earrings in her ears; after losing several pairs she finally gave up. A friend told her to buy the screw back earrings but we couldn't find any in town. I purchased this pair just to see if it would work and it did!! These earrings are perfect for toddlers. I'll be buying more for Christmas. <end>  Perfect for toddler  I purchased these for my two-year old and they are perfect. The backs screwed on and stayed on well and they are really cute. These were the least expensive pair of screw back earrings I could find and they turned out to be well worth the money. <end>  flower girl gift  I bought these earrings as a gift for our flower girl. She loved them! <end>  Poor quality  My daughter pulled every other earring out, I was very pleased with this one. However after about 6 months the front of one of the earrings has just come off with the screw back left in her ear (which I'm not sure how to get out). Surely this is not the kind of quality one would expect from a good quality silver earring? I am frustrated and disappointed. <end>  lost one in 2 weeks!  They are the cutest little earings, but i thought the point of the screw on backs was for safety/ security. Well, they didnt last 2 weeks and my 1 year old managed to pull one off. Luckily she didnt eat it. What a waste of money!! <end>  lost after 4 hours  I purchased these earring for my 4 year old daughter (she has had her ears pierced since she was 6 months old). She usually wears "huggable" earrings but after an incident I decided to buy her posts with screw backs...these were the perfect choice at least I thought they were. I put them in her ears and a few hours later I noticed one earring was missing. I was so sad because I thought my days of losing earrings was over. I was wrong!! <end>  Cute and Fit My Two-Year Old Beautifully  These earrings are adorable and go with everything! They fit my two-year old perfectly. The screw on backing will be pretty near impossible for her to take off. <end>  Great toddler earings, a little pricey  I bought 2 pairs for my twin daughter (2yr old) and these earings are AWESOME! I have one daughter that loves to touch her earings and use to loose earings daily. I love the screw back because she cant undo the earing. I check them weekly to make sure she hasnt loosen them. The screw backs are also great so they can sleep in them and not injure their ears. They are pretty small so perfect for a toddler. A little over priced but if it means I dont have to buy earing for a while works for me. <end>  Very nice earrings for little girls  I've bought about 4 pairs of these over the past 2.5 years. I have 3 & 4 year old daughters, and these earrings are adorable in a little girl's ear. I initially purchased them because of the screwbacks, which work very well IF you check them periodically (every week or so) to tighten. I usually forget to check them, and end up with a lost earring or back. I inevitably ending up finding again, so I now I have spares in case they get lost again. Overall, a good buy for very pretty earrings. <end>  Sweet & Cute...  Bought these for my lil girl and just placed them in at 9mths...They are a tad bigger on her than I thought..but she is quite tiny..I still love them however..went in easily and seem quite sturdy..Really love them.. <end>  Perfect!  These earrings are perfect for my 16 month old daughter! Super cute! They are also great because they don't get caught in her shirts when I pull them over her head to change her! <end>  Its a enlarged pic of very small ear ring  The pic shown on the website is an enlarged pic of the actual item. It doesn't look as pretty as shown in the pic, so I returned the item. <end>  Great buy!  I was looking for screwback earrings that would fit my 5-month-old's ears. These were easy to screw on and haven't come off in the last 2 months. The screwback makes the backside blunt and the flowers are well rounded so they don't get caught on clothes. The reason I didn't give it five stars is because the posts are a little too long. They aren't nearly as long as the posts of the earrings used to pierce her ears though. So, all in all, they were a step in the right direction. <end>  Darling earrings, didn't work for us.  I am giving this 4 stars because the area under the flower is so wide and my daughter's ear lobes were already infected so her infection got worse because they couldn't breathe. I bought the earrings because they were sterling silver and I thought her infection was because of the metal in her cheap earrings.The packaging for these earrings was nice, ready to gift give. Velvet drawstring bag, in a navy blue box.Great earrings, just didn't work for our needs. <end>  Great for my toddler!  I have a very active little girl. She's two and she's gone through 2 previous pair of cheaper earrings. These are small and cute and easy to put in. So far so good, we have had them for 2 weeks and they are easy to take out to clean and they are flat enough on the face that they do not catch on to her clothing. I really love these earrings and they have been worth the extra $$. <end>
 B000HGHU0U  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Oval Drop Pendant, 16" ||	  jazzy  Surprisingly this necklace has some weight to it. Absolutely retro and very expensive looking, looks better when combining the necklace with the matching earrings.. Paid only $154.00 dollars.14k Yellow Gold Multi-Oval Drop Pendant, 16" <end>  Lovely, delicate piece  I received this as a Christmas present. It is beautiful! I love how fluid the pieces of the pendant are; when I move the necklace takes on a new shape! It hangs quite low, though, and it best for very low or higher necklines. <end>
 B000HGHUAA  14k Yellow Gold Circle Bracelet ||	  A different kind of bracelet  This is a unique looking bracelet. I have never seen anything like it before. I am very pleased with this purchase and I wear the bracelet a lot. <end>
 B000HGKLHE  Genuine Leather Studded Pyramid Fashion Bracelet ||	  Wicked Bracelet  I wear this bracelet everyday its my favorite. Its a strong and durable. <end>
 B000HGKLVK  Sterling Silver Children's Ballet Slipper Earrings ||	  Pretty but TINY  These are really pretty but you can barely make out that they are ballet slippers. They are really TINY. We bought them for an 8 year old. Would have been small enough for a 0-2 year old. <end>  Perfect gift  These earrings were the perfect gift for my favorite little ballerina. I especially like the fact that the post has a screw-on back, which really keeps them on securely through all sorts of activities. Perfect size for smaller ears -- probably up to age 12 or so. <end>  Recital gift  Perfect gift for after ballet recital. The earrings were the perfect size for my 5 year old Granddaughter and were very much loved. <end>  Adorable  These earrings are adorable and perfect for my 3 year old. I bought them as a Christmas present and I know she is going to love them. <end>  Broke before they were even worn  Bought these in advance as a gift for my daughter's fifth birthday. Was checking them before I wrapped them, and one of the posts fell off in my hand before she even wore them. <end>  Sweet Christmas gift.  My 12-year-old granddaughter is an avid dance student, and she really enjoyed these earrings. If she loves it, I love it. <end>  I love these earrings!  I bought these for my 4 year old niece for Christmas and I love them! Great size and very well made! I would recommend them for small children! <end>  great for toddlers who like to take off the back  These are sweet little earrings, I bought them mainly because our daughter is 2 and likes to take the backs of her earrings off. In short, we have ended up with lots of lost earrings! These little guys stay on though. They have screw on backs that don't budge. It passed the toddler test and she has had them on for months with no issues. Cute little earrings for my princess! <end>  disappointed  I ordered these earrings for my 10 year old granddaughter and when they arrived I was very disappointed in how tiny they were. They were very pretty but very small. <end>  Cute  These are pretty cute, but the backs screw on which is a little tough for little girls fingers to use. <end>  So cute~  My neice just got her ears pierced for Christmas, so I have been looking around for a cute pair of studs to buy for her birthday. These are so cute and petit, perfect for a girl turning 5. I love that they have the screw on backs. I'm sure she'll adore them. <end>  Sturdy earring  These earrings look sweet on my almost 5 year old daughter. I think I finally found a pair that will hold up to her active play. Others I have purchased were quite 'delicate' and either broke off from the stem or folded at the ends of the design and then eventually broke off. <end>  Nice product.  These are cute and a little different from the run of the mill earrings you find for kids. <end>
 B000HGKLXS  Sterling Silver Children's Ballet Slippers Pendant, 15" ||	  Very disappointed  This necklace was a complete disappointment, I will return it right away. For the amount I spent on this I expected much more. The chain is very cheap, I am sure it would break within a week even with a careful girl. The pendant is so small you almost can't see it. I know that for the same amount of money I can find something much nicer. <end>  Nice but too delicate  I bought this necklace for my granddaughter. When I received it, I took it out of the box and it had two knots in it. I worked for a while and was able to remove one. Kept having a problem with new knots. Finally gave up and returned product. The necklace was nice enough but the chain is much too delicate for a child. <end>  Very disappointed  When I opened the box I actually thought they forgot to include the pendant in with the chain. Then inside a tiny piece of tissue paper was a microscopic pendant. Considering I just purchased a cross from Ireland twenty times the size of this for only $20 more, you know this is going back. This is even too tiny for an infant. <end>  great necklace  My little granddaughter loved her necklace. Ordering was quite easy and it was delivered in just a few days. I was delighted with the purchase and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this product. <end>  little girl necklace  Was very pleased with the sterling silver children's ballet slippers pendant and to say the least my two Granddaughter were very pleased too. <end>  Nice  I purchased this for my neice and I'm sure she will love it. It is nice quality. A little smaller then I would have liked, but happy all the same. <end>  Not What I thought  I thought this was the necklace that went with the Silver Slippers book. The pendant (ballet shoes) is so small you can hardly see it. It looks to be less than a 1/4&#34;. I was very surprised. <end>  Adorable  This necklace is so sweet. I as worried it would not look as good as it did in picture, but it is great. <end>  Nice gift for an aspiring ballerina  I bought this for a very nice young lady who lives in my building. She is studying the ballet. She was very happy with it, and I think that others with the same proclivities would be, too. <end>  Ballet slipper pendant  Returning today , the pendant is less than 1/10 of an inch in size . decent quality but very very tiny <end>  This is Junk  This Pendant is so small, you can't really tell what it is from more than a foot away. If I had paid five dollars for this, I would have felt ripped off. $20 for this piece of junk is insane. <end>  Ballerina Slippers charm  I was not aware how tiny this charm was so I was disappointed. I am not sure my 4 year old niece will know they are slippers. <end>  Ballet Slipper Pendant  This was a Cristmas gift and I thought it was lovely for a young childs first necklace. This item was delivered in a timely manner and I felt it was a good price for what I got. <end>  A bit small  This item was smaller than I expected it to be, and I felt it was not appropriate for the age of the recipient. <end>  perfect for a little girl  my grand daughter who is 4 loved the story of the silver ballet slippers and is really into ballet, so she was thrilled to get this necklace. It is very small and dainty and would not work for a bigger kid. It looks a little bigger in the picture than it actually is. <end>  Sterling Silver Children's Ballet Slippers Pendant, 15"  This cute, although the ballet shoes are extremely small and hard to see the detail, the chain is thin, then it is fine to be used by a girl, it's just an ornament for the moment. <end>
 B000HGKLY2  14k Yellow Gold Star of David Pendant, 18" ||	  Beautiful  I absolutely love this beautiful pendant and gold chain. The Star of David is smaller than I anticipated, which is good. I was afraid it might be too large. Perhaps I'll buy another chain or two, different lengths or styles, to switch the pendant between.Additionally, I am pleased to be able to wear this pendant and chain while playing guitar without it banging into the back of the instrument and possibly ruining the finish. It is extremely annoying to be playing my guitar while my necklace keeps tapping or knocking up against the back of the guitar and not even be in sync with the beat.Most importantly, this pendant brings me joy to wear a symbol of my faith which reflects the beauty of Judaism. <end>
 B000HGLXQC  14k Yellow Gold Multi-Strand Cuff Bracelet ||	  Wonderful birthday present  My wife and I, while researching other ptoducts on Amazon, saw this bracelet and purchased it for one of my daughters. It is a beautiful and unusual piece of jewelry. My daughter loved it, and my wife wished she had one like it! <end>
 B000HGMN6Q  Italian Sterling Silver Heart Toggle Childrens 6 inch Bracelet ||	  Beautiful SS Bracelet  I ordered this SS bracelet with the heart charm to assemble a starter charm bracelet for our neice for Christmas 2010. The bracelet was ordered the week prior to Christmas. It was received on time in excellent condition. It is a beautiful little bracelet that our neice will be proud to wear for years to come. Needless to say, she loved her charm bracelet. I would recommend this vendor to others and purchase from them again in the future. <end>
 B000HGMNK2  14k Yellow Gold Children's Ballet Slippers Pendant, 15" ||	  14K Yellow gold childrens ballet slippers pendant  I think the pendant is nice, although it is a bit delicate for kids. <end>
 B000HI58OS  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Cable Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great Chain.  My order came quickly and was as I expected it to be. I would definitely order from here again. <end>  Sparkling  I purchased silver chain for an anklet. I don't take it off! Comfortable light and maintains such a sparkle. As a necklace I think the chain style would look heavier than it feels...not dainty. Perfect for anklet or bracelet, and if u want to wear just the chain around ur neck....or with a med to lrge pendant. Small looped pendants wont flow over to chain. I put my tiny double happiness symbol pendant right on the clasp, which looks really cool.....like a tiffany tag. Super fast delivery. Ordered at night & recvd in one day. <end>  Three Thumbs Up  I got this in april and i really love it. it's durable but light and keeps a good shine. it's great for holding pendants <end>  Cable Sterling Chain  This item was shipped so fast I didn't even have a chance to anticipate the delivery date! Thanks $1mm!! The item was beautiful and arrive in perfect order. <end>  Silver Chain is as good as Gold!!!  This quality necklace chain was well worth the price and the service was excellent!!!! <end>
 B000HI5CC6  Sterling Silver Italian Diamond Cut Cable Chain Necklaces & Bracelets Nickel Free, 1/8 inch wide, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Great Chain.  My order came quickly and was as I expected it to be. I would definitely order from here again. <end>  Sparkling  I purchased silver chain for an anklet. I don't take it off! Comfortable light and maintains such a sparkle. As a necklace I think the chain style would look heavier than it feels...not dainty. Perfect for anklet or bracelet, and if u want to wear just the chain around ur neck....or with a med to lrge pendant. Small looped pendants wont flow over to chain. I put my tiny double happiness symbol pendant right on the clasp, which looks really cool.....like a tiffany tag. Super fast delivery. Ordered at night & recvd in one day. <end>  Three Thumbs Up  I got this in april and i really love it. it's durable but light and keeps a good shine. it's great for holding pendants <end>  Cable Sterling Chain  This item was shipped so fast I didn't even have a chance to anticipate the delivery date! Thanks $1mm!! The item was beautiful and arrive in perfect order. <end>  Silver Chain is as good as Gold!!!  This quality necklace chain was well worth the price and the service was excellent!!!! <end>
 B000HI7VU2  Beautiful! Sterling-silver Zuni Needle Point Turquoise Cross Pendant-necklaces designed by Artist Cordell Lasiloo. ||	  pleased with purchase  This item came to me in the mail so quick and I appreciate the excellent service. I have purchased items from you in the past <end>
 B000HKLW2S  Sterling Silver 7X5 Swiss Blue Topaz Earring ||	  Very pretty!  I *just* received these earrings 10 minutes ago and I couldn't wait to come here to tell everyone about them! For what you spend on these, you get a huge bang for the buck. This is why I'm a returning Netaya customer. They are every bit as pretty as the picture and I can't wait to wear them (I got them for myself as a 'stocking stuffer' so I'll have to wait awhile). If you think these are something you'd like I wouldn't hesitate. <end>  Topaz earings  Earings are in good size, but quality of silver is not good. It is dark.... And corrupted clusp... Now I use this item, but silver is black.... I think it is bad quality of silver. <end>
 B000HKLWX2  14K Yellow Gold Curb & Bird's Eye Link Bracelet 8" ||	  Nice but not what I thought  This is a nice looking bracelet but it is not as heavy as I thought. I got it on the Friday sale so it was a good deal. I would not buy this at the current price of over $300. <end>
 B000HKNPXW  Sterling Silver Italian BYZANTINE Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 2.6mm Sterling Silver finish Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Silver Square Byzantine  Necklace was very pretty but the weave is looser and more open than pictured. Didn't work well as a pendant chain, so returned. Would have been very nice and good weight if someone wanted to wear it alone. High polish and lots of sparkle, not oxidized. Customer Service was fast with shipping and refund. Would definitely purchase other Sabrina Silver items in the future. <end>  Awesome nickle-free necklace!  For those of us sensitive to nickle (nasty red rash, itching, oozing) this is a God send! Thank-you so much for providing an alternative to painting our jewelry with clear nail polish!(always flakes off anyway!) <end>  LOVE this bracelet  I got the necklace last year for Xmas & had the bracelet on my wish list all year...this Xmas I got the bracelet...I love themboth,get lots of compliments & the necklace has worn well,like brand new,I wear it all the time...the bracelet does run small,meant for a small women's wrist...good lock,well made...you'll be happy with this purcahse! <end>  The perfect gift  I bought this for my daughter, who is fine-boned and prefers silver jewelry that's on the delicate side. The size of this necklace is perfect for her, and the design of the chain will work with everything in her wardrobe. The fact that it's nickel free is a bonus! Also, the shipping was very fast. I've ordered from Sabrina Silver before and have always been happy. I will most definitely order from them again. <end>
 B000HKRBMI  Sterling Silver 3mm Marquise Cut Amethyst Gemstone Band Ring Size 4.5 ||	  Amrthyst Ring  I found this ring to be great! It is just like the picture (though a little smaller as the picture states "larger than actual"). I like the picture on the site which shows you haw the ring looks on your finger. It is better than I expected! Thanx <end>  not what it looks like  I just bought one and thought that it would be as sophisticated as the one in the picture. It actually looks more like the shiny coated plastic toy rings that I buy in the dollar store for my daughter. The finish is not well crafted and is actually clumsily done upon closer inspection. Not worth the price.Doesn't seem to be real silver either. <end>
 B000HKXTOM  Sterling Silver Round Cut Amethyst Gemstone 3mm Band Ring Size 7.5 ||	  Beautiful Ring! Wonderful Color!  You can't go wrong with a beautiful amethyst like this. The stones are a deep, rich purple and full of sparkle! The setting is very attractive and has generated quite a number of positive comments from friends and coworkers! My only complaint is that the ring was larger than I had expected. It seemed to be at least a half size too big. But the ring itself is a real beauty and I am delighted to wear it. I would definitely buy other jewelry like this. It's very well made and the price is more than fair for the quality you get. I highly recommend this ring. <end>  Deep purple Amethyst  The combination of silver and deep Amethyst purple is stunning, a lovely traditional dress ring, which looks just like an antique one given to me by my grandmother but sadly stolen. It looks much more expensive than its actual price. A word of caution, American sizes are much bigger than British sizes. Otherwise perfect! <end>  you'll get compliments on this ring  This is a very pretty mass produced amethyst ring in sterling silver. The stones are slightly smaller than the stones in theGarnet Gemstone Ring Sterling Silver Polished Finish Three Stone Bandring, which I also bought. (They're both beautiful.)The purple color is beautiful. I suspect these amethyst stones are lab-created, simply because natural amethysts of this clarity and quality would make the ring much more expensive than it is.I don't care if they are natural or synthetic, the ring is beautiful and I've gotten compliments on it.The ring and stones are well worth the price. The stones are actually more a cross between dark magenta and purple than the photo shows. But they have a gorgeous clarity that intensifies the beautiful color.I would buy this again if I lost mine. I would also buy this as a gift for a cherished loved one or friend. <end>  Really pretty!  This is a really nice ring for the price. The stones are beautiful. I ordered it a half-size smaller, based on previous reviews, but a full size smaller would have been better. <end>  great ring for your money  stone color lighter a bit than pic, but the cut is brilliant. Sparkles. For the money, a great ring. <end>  nice  The ring arrived within the time frame stated. The ring looks like the picture. The stones are a rich deep purple. I bought it as a gift for a friend but found another ring that I liked better. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!  The stones do not match in color- and the sizing is off.that said it is lovely. ... <end>  Beautiful amythest ring  When I received this beautiful amethyst and sterling silver ring in the mail, I couldn't believe that this ring was as inexpensive as it was. It was about a quarter size bigger than my other size 5 rings, but I'm still wearing it. It's the most elegant of all my amethyst rings. <end>  Worried  I returned the ring for a different size and have not received any message from Gem Avenue. I am worried because I paid for this purchase with a credit card and my money is gone and so is the ring!! What can I do?Sincerely,Julia Johnston <end>  great value, beautiful ring!!!  Bought after reading all the positive feedback, and all was true! My wife enjoys simple jewelry, but this ring looks great! Good stones, solid setting, very fair value for the money.Make sure you get the sizing right the first time, otherwise you will be paying roundtrip shipping for a bigger size like I did. <end>  Beautiful ring  The ring came faster than expected. The ring is both beautiful and durable. A high quality ring at a very low cost! I am very satisfied! <end>  Perfect ring for a small finger  Ordered this ring before Christmas, it arrived on time, was beautiful, only it came in 5, 5.5, and some other size. There aren't that many sizes available. My girlfriend has small hands but chubby fingers, so it actually needed to be a size 6.5, but she manages fine with the 5.5 on her ring finger. The ring itself is really pretty and the stones are nice and sparkly. Good deal over all for the price.-KB <end>  Amethyst Ring  This ring is just absolutely stunning and beautiful! I would recommend this amethyst ring to anyone who is in the market for a reasonably priced amethyst ring. <end>  Beautiful Ring  Ring arrived in 3 business days, and is beautiful. Color is a perfect amethyst - just like the picture, and actually the ring is better looking in person. Very happy! <end>
 B000HL0GHO  Sterling Silver Oval Light Blue Topaz Gemstone 3mm Band Ring Size 4.5,5,6,7,8,9 ||	  blue topaz ring  The ring is very beautiful, much richer and higher quality than the picture shows. I am very pleased. <end>  Looks like diamonds  This ring has an antique style setting, and looks very expensive. It is beautifully polished. Great value! <end>  Ooooh pretty  I love this ring, its stones are super sparkly and the detailing on the side of the setting is exquisite. <end>  color not as shown  The color of the stones are not like they look on the picture. They are look brighter and look like they are colored glass. <end>  It is pretty  This ring is pretty, just like it looks. Stones might appear a little more blue on the picture then they actually are. It does looks a little too "square" on a delicate hand, so I had to send it back.If you got small hands it will look a little too rough. Other than that it is really pretty ring and worth its price. <end>  Dazzling, sparkling blue stones  High quality stones. The prettiest of blues I've seen in topaz. Picture doesn't give this ring justice. Stones are much more blue than the picture shows. Beautiful cut stones and silver setting is much more attractive than gold. Couldn't ask for more in beauty. <end>  absolutely lovely  Once again I am thrilled with my purchase from Gem Avenue. The ring is all it is described to be and it is a comfortable ring to wear. Plus I like the compliments it brings. <end>  Blue Topaz Ring  I really love this ring! It's beautiful, the stones are sparkly and better than the picture. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B000HLFK4I  Amazon.com  Sj12, Multi Strand Fine Blue and Glass Bead Necklace with Matching Ear Ring for Women and Teens  Clothing ||	  great looking necklace alot of sparkle  Looks terrific on and can adds alot of sparkle and color. very easy to wear. <end>
 B000HLFOF8  Clear Cubic Zirconia Paved Palm Tree Dangle Belly Ring ||	  ok  This is a beautiful belly ring, but I can't wear it for too many days because it infects my skin. It love it though <end>
 B000HLHXL6  14k Yellow Gold Perfectina Chain Necklace, 18" ||	  beautiful, but  it is very thin.. I was expecting a heavier chain.. It's not really heavy enough to use for a pendant unless it is a very small one.. <end>
 B000HLIXKG  14k Yellow Gold Sea Horse Charm ||	  Real Winner  This sea horse is lacey and feminine. Great for a necklace. Would not work for a charm bracelet. <end>  Beautiful!  The sea horse charm is very pretty. I wasn't sure before I got it because sometimes you see something in a picture and when you get it you get disappointed. Well, now that I got it I actually love it. It's super cute and it's the perfect size...not too small and for sure it's something different to have! <end>  Beautiful, delicate charm makes a great gift!  I purchased this charm for my aunt for her birthday. It is very detailed and looks even better in person. The charm slides on nicely to a chain and stands out but is not too big. <end>  Golden Sea Horse  I bought it for my granddaughter. She was absolutely mesmerized by it. <end>
 B000HLLQKU  Pink Cubic Zirconia Paved Palm Tree Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Very pretty and nice, but it broke after being worn 2 weeks  I liked this belly ring a lot when I got it. Its a good size, not too big, and comfortable to wear. It seemed like good quality. However, the palm tree fell off after 2 weeks, so I am overall pretty disappointed because now it is ruined. <end>
 B000HLQF42  One Stainless Steel Crescent  14g, 5/8" ||	  Beautiful Crescent  This is the largest size these crescents come in, I've purchased 2 others, and the quality is terrific! I like having various sizes of jewelry & this can be squeezed together to look more like a pincher. Steel Navel Jewelry has the best customer service & the price is very worth it, highly recommended. <end>
 B000HLUBSS  One Stainless Steel Fixed Bead Ring  20g, 5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  great buy  i've had this product is many different sizes.its great.no captive bead to lose  )when you twist it shut, it stays closed...no need to look back at it...just forget its even in  ) <end>  Good shape, good shipping  Everything arrived on time and in great shape. I'm really pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000HLUCKU  8g Stainless Steel Septum Retainer ||	  Awesome but expensive  I love this product. its great quality and was the delicate simple 8 g piece i was looking for. only catch is its insanely expensive. i've recently lost mine and i can't decide if i want to pony up the $50 for a new one. It's a lot for a piece of jewelry that essentially an over sized staple. <end>  Much to small to be a septum retainer  This thing was much too small to be used as a septum retainer, it is 8g x 1/4"!!! my septum is wider than 1/4"! I couldn't use it but the company was quick to offer a replacement or refund. <end>
 B000HLXHES  Southwestern Style Wide Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Lapis Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 11, #10991 ||	  lizzard ring  Such a nice, solid, ring. I love the inlay work and the ring has a nice solid feel. <end>  Ring  It was exactly as I hoped it would be, actually it's even more beautiful in person! Prompt service and delivery. <end>
 B000HM0SZI  Sterling Silver Italian Round BOX Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 5mm Heavy weight Smooth Finish Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  chain  seems of cheap quality and doesnt look very niceNot exactly a high quality necklace, but guess you get what you pay for? <end>
 B000HM2UF4  Sterling Silver Italian Rounded LONG BOX Chain Necklaces & Bracelets 4mm Medium Heavy weight Smooth Finish Nickel Free, sizes 7 - 30 inch ||	  Finally, a silver chain that doesn't disappoint!  After buying several chains in the past, I finally found a source of quality silver that comes in a variety of lengths & sizes. In addition to this being a design that isn't generic and over done. I was so impressed with the neck chain I ordered a matching bracelet. After receiving the one I ordered, I discovered it was too short and I contacted the seller who took care of my needs in a friendly, efficient manner. <end>
 B000HM9Q06  One Stainless Steel Captive Bead Ring with Hematite Bead  14g, 9/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  Great product, even better Customer Service  The jewelry arrived in a timely fashion and just as described. What really sets Steel Navel apart for me is their customer service. My items were backordered and Customer Service kept me apprised of the situation and offered an alternative item which could deliver faster. This was a fairly basic order, but Steel Navel's Customer Service means I'll be coming back to them directly in the future. <end>
 B000HNFRNA  Southwestern Style Horse Story Band Ring in Sterling Silver and Chip Inlay Turquoise for Men or Women, Size 9, #10824 ||	  AWESOME!!!!  Just like it is in the picture. I am so happy with this product. Bought one for myself and my mom and I'm so glad I did. Size fits perfect and comfortable too. Would recomend this ring to anyone who loves horses!!! <end>  beautiful ring  The color is very vibrant - I think the ring is stunning. The contrast between the silver and the turquoise is lovely.It's a nice weight and very comfortable. I highly recommend it. It does run a bit small though so I'd order a size up. <end>  Nice Ring!  Picked this up as a gift for Valentines day and it was loved immediately! Is that enough of a recommendation or what?!?The color of the Turquoise is just as it was pictured here at amazon the silver is as expected, brilliant and shining.Note  Inside of the ring is not totally smooth and finished. Not sure why but it's smooth to the touch, but it is pitted probably from the manufacturing process. So if you were thinking of having an inscription engraved on the inner surface that isn't going to work. <end>
 B000HNLPQ8  Southwestern Style Wide Lizard Band Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise and Lapis Chip Inlay for Men or Women, size 6, #10991 ||	  lizzard ring  Such a nice, solid, ring. I love the inlay work and the ring has a nice solid feel. <end>  Ring  It was exactly as I hoped it would be, actually it's even more beautiful in person! Prompt service and delivery. <end>
 B000HQQXBW  Sterling Silver Open Square Cuff Bracelet ||	  Just as pictured...  this bracelet does not have the shiny appearance of rhodium plating, but rather a matte finish to it. It's lightweight and fits fine on my wrist. For the price I paid, (70% off) it was worth it, but I wouldnt have purchased it for any more than that.Nothing special about this bracelet; just a simple piece, a simple design, for a great price. <end>  Beautiful, great quality  I got two of these as gifts and was VERY pleased with the price (especially) but the QUALITY and beauty of this bracelet. Wish I would have ordered one for myself! Very unique looking - worth every penny. <end>
 B000HQTGFW  Amazon.com  Sj6, Sterling Silver Necklace with New York Yankee Pendant for Women and Teens  Clothing ||	  neat  I bought this for my bf as a Christmas present because I couldn't afford a more expensive necklace. The one he wanted was $100 but this was a good substitute. <end>
 B000HQZNQI  Sterling Silver 6mm Wide Polished Finish Band Fish Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  fish ring  pretty ring. no problems, I love it. it comes in a very cute little box. I wear it as a thumb ring. <end>  Would buy from them again!  I bought this ring as part of my sister's Christmas present. I was told that the ring would arrive on December 26 but it arrived on the 23! The ring is beautiful! My sister just loves it. The people at Gem Avenue were great to work with. They responded quickly to my emails and this was just an excellent experience. I will gladly purchase from them again. <end>
 B000HRAYFC  Crystalline Double Gem Banana Belly Ring ||	  LOVE IT!  This is my favorite belly ring. I loved the fact that the top closure was jeweled as well. It looks very pretty when you have it on and it's very shiny. Definitely my favorite from Body Candy. <end>  *****  The jewels on this belly ring are really eye-catching. It's very comfortable, and totally cute - a must-have for your collection! <end>  Very happy with belly ring  I love this belly ring, it's one of my favorites. I like it for wearing everyday because it's flashy and cute, but it doesn't get in the way. <end>  Looks Good!  this belly ring looks really good for the price. You could easily spend $12 or more for something like this in a store. Skip the trip to the store and save your self some money and get this one! <end>  It was pretty when the jewel was still in it.  I reveived this belly ring as a gift and after one day the bottom jewel fell out. Because it was so inexpensive I am not going to send it back, but I am not going to buy another one. I guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000HRAYTI  Passion Pink Jeweled Initial Dangle Belly Ring - Letter "N" ||	  Best belly ring ever  I love it. I was scared it would look totally cheesy and trashy (and in a way I guess it does), but it has a girly appeal and it's COMFORTABLE. I've been wearing it for 5 days straight and it's way more comfortable than the two other dangly ones I own. Great quality.It's perfect! <end>
 B000HRH5E0  Passion Pink Jeweled Initial Dangle Belly Ring - Letter K ||	  Fades  I really liked this design and color, but after a short while, the silver changes to grey and it fades away. What can you say, cheap. <end>  Initial K Belly Button Ring  I really like the belly button ring...it looks very pretty on. Very well made for the price! I received this before the actual delivery date also, so that was a nice surprise. <end>  belly ring  this was for my daughter, she really loved it, it is as shown in picture, very happy with product <end>
 B000HRH5RC  NCAA Kansas State Wildcats Crystalline Gem Belly Ring ||	  Great for KSU belly buttons  I bought this item as a Christmas present for my wife, and she loves it!!! She has matching ear rings, and she wears the set every single game day.GO CATS! <end>
 B000HSZZ8C  Amazon.com  Black Hills Gold Cross Necklace  Clothing ||	  Very Special  My Mother loves a single rose so when she became a Christian this was her first cross. It was beautiful with teh single rose on it. <end>
 B000HVL3JE  Pink White STRIPED BALL Nose Ring ||	  DISAPPOINTED  I WAS DISAPPOINTED IN THIS ITEM. THE BALL IS CUTE, A GOOD SIZE AND COLOR, BUT THE WIRE GAUGE IS VERY LARGE. IT DOESN'T STATE THAT IN PRODUCT DESCRIPTION UNFORTUNATELY. MY DAUGHTER CANNOT WEAR IT, IT IS VERY PAINFUL. THE PRICE WAS GREAT, AND NOT WORTH RETURNING, BUT SHE IS 1 LESS CHRISTMAS GIFT. I WILL NOT ORDER FROM THERE AGAIN WITHOUT SPECIFIC PRODUCT DESCRIPTION. <end>
 B000HVN0XG  18 Gauge RED GEM Flexible Clear Nose Ring ||	  Low-quality, but the gem does stay attached  There's not a lot to say about this item, but I will include these points - Jewel on end looks unique and does not detach easily- Low quality, but not easily damaged- Does not irritate or inflame piercing- Not uncomfortable to wear <end>
 B000HVP15G  18 Gauge Clear Gem BIOPLAST Nose Ring ||	  Bioplast Nose Ring  LOVE this nose ring. I had my nose pierced years ago, took it out, and just had it re-pierced about 4 months ago. The second time around, I could not get the piercing to heal for anything. It continually got infected. I tried every kind of metal at my piercing shop and finally gave up switching the jewelry because I was told the metal wasn't the issue. I had resorted to trying every different face wash and makeup to see if that was the problem. I was browsing amazon for nose rings and saw this and thought I would give it a try...because it's not metal, I hoped it would fix the problem. IT DID!!!!! I have had this nose ring in for almost a month now and have not had one issue with infection. It is super comfy...can't even feel it in there. Also very cute. Not SUPER teeny tiny, but sits nicely against the skin and looks really good. I am very happy with it! The quality seems very good, but honestly, even if it only lasted a couple months, I would be ordering more! <end>
 B000HWMI0Q  Genuine White Opal Cross with Diamond Accents and 10K Yellow Gold Pendant with Chain Necklace Gift Boxed ||	  Returned  I returned the item and did not purchase . I had no problems working with the dealer , I just wasnt interested in the merchandise after recieving it , wasnt what I was looking for . <end>
 B000HX3AKM  Heart & Trillion Cut Peridot & London Blue Topaz CROSS style Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful necklace and well worth the price! The picture does not do it justice. The stones are clear and have lovely color! I recommend this to anyone considering it. You will not be disappointed. <end>
 B000HX3AVQ  Round Cut Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Just gorgeous!  Bought this along with the matching earrings as a graduation present for a special young lady. Absolutely gorgeous. Lovely quality and beautiful stones. The recipient loved them! <end>
 B000HX3B5G  Heart Cut London Blue Topaz Cross Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Even Prettier than the Picture  This is a lovely jewelry item, and looks even prettier "in person" than in the picture. <end>
 B000HX3B5Q  Oval Cut Lapis Lazuli Heart Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  A very nice piece of jewelry  I am very pleased with my pendant. It's a beautiful piece that I can wear everyday or on a special occasion. Larger jewelry doesn't work for me - so the size of this pendant is perfect. It was a nice gift to myself. <end>
 B000HX3BYC  Pear & Round Cut Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Exactly what I expected.  This item arrived promptly. It was in a box that is completely acceptable for gift giving. It looks just like the picture and it came with a necklace to put it on. No complaints at all. <end>
 B000HX3C7S  Marquise Round Cut Garnet Citrine Three Stone Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very Lovely...  I am impressed with this item. It is very lovely in person and I am positive my grandmother will adore it. The price, shipping and product are all great! <end>  Elegant  The pendant does seem smaller. But it looks more elegant than in the picture. I'm so much in love with it now. Bought the matching pair of earrings as well. <end>  necklace review  The size of the pendant was smaller than I expected. The gemstones were of good quality and the workmanship was good. It was a good value for the money. <end>  good value  Very nice pendant and 16" chain. Great colors for fall. Very versital in that it is not too fancy to wear semi-casually, but nice enough to dress up more. <end>
 B000HX59KG  Pear Cut Citrine Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Good quality, but not attractive in my opinion.  If you like this design, then go for it, because Peora has good quality pieces. However, after seeing this in person, I can tell you that the setting is too big and overpowering for the size of this gemstone, so it ends up looking a little weird. It might look better with a stone that has more brilliance than citrine (perhaps blue topaz?), but either way I'd look for a different setting. <end>
 B000HX5AGE  Round Cut Peridot Three Stone Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  OK Product -- TERRIBLE Customer Service  Received a necklace for Christmas and tried to exchange it..they would not let me stating their vendors "charge 40% restocking fee." Communication is only done through email so when they are done with you they don't have to reply, I could not get anyone on the phone to speak with. Clearly they are more concerned out charges than keeping a customer happy..will NEVER use this company again and will advise others to make sure you like your selection or else you will be stuck with it. <end>
 B000HX5ASW  Round Cut Peridot Amethyst Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very Nice Pendant.  This is a very nice pendant. I bought it for my wife because it has both our and our sons birth stone. It's really tough to estimate actual size online, and I will say this is a little smaller than I hoped it would be. But still a very nice piece of jewelers. <end>  Reviewing as receiver  This was a Christmas present from my daughter. Her birthstone is Amethyst and her daughters, Peridot. It gave me such joy to receive it and I love it. It is very dainty and nicely made. I do wish the chain was a little bit longer. Just as a side note, she also gave me two pair of post earrings, one of each stone. I have 3 holes in each ear so I can wear all pieces at the same time. <end>
 B000HX5B6I  Black Onyx & White Mother of Pearl Sunstar Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  An Eye Catcher  While this pendant is a bit smaller than I had anticipated, it never fails to draw compliments from all walks. Unusual and pretty.  ) <end>
 B000HX7BHK  Radiant Cut Peridot Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  I loved it!  I was very pleased with the quality of this necklace, it was a gift and the person I gave it to love the quality of the change and the color of the peridot. The person that received the gift has worn it everyday since Valentine's day and it seems to be holding up well. <end>
 B000HX7BSO  Oval Pear Cut Amethyst Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  don't buy  The bale ? is in the wrong place -it would be better IF on top as it becomes too heavy- other reviewer was right. all of the other peora i bought were beautiful in this order. <end>  very disappointing  I ordered this for a Christmas gift for a co-worker on a twenty dollar price limit. From the photo it looked lovely and the stones look as nice as they do in the photo. Unfortunately, the bail on the emerald cut amethyst is so large and angled that the top section of the pendant wont lay flat it just tips forward. It looks hideous on! Its too late now to send it back and exchange it for something else. I am very disappointed! <end>
 B000HX7CL0  Round Cut London BLue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Great gift idea  I bought this for my best friends birthday and she loved it. Very simple so it's great to wear on a tshirt and jean kinda day but is pretty enough to dress up. Extreamly affordable and shipped very quickly. Came in a cute little purple box so I didn't have to do anything but give it to her. I have also purchased a necklace for my sister, mother and mother in law and plan on buying more. <end>
 B000HX7D3C  Pear Cut London Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Good value for a good price  I bought four of these necklaces as gifts for my bridesmaids. The necklace quality was uniform for all four (there were slight differences between the stones, but as they are natural and not synthetic that is to be expected). The quality of all 4 necklaces was good, very pretty stones and settings and I really liked the box chain. The color is slightly more a green-blue than the royal blue in the picture, but still very pretty. Overall, great value for the price. <end>
 B000HX7ZYY  Pear Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Pendant Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful find, and what a deal! The pendant looks exactly as it does in the picture. Very happy with my choice here! <end>
 B000HX81PG  Trillion Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Filigree Pendant Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Small but beautiful  I was quite pleased with this pendant and so was the recipient! The stone sparkles very well and the silver is very delicate. This is perfect for someone with exquisite yet subtle tastes.I would definitely buy this product if I had it to do over again. Peora is the best jewelry seller on Amazon! <end>
 B000HXL36A  Sterling Silver Multicolor Crystal Oval Shape Chain Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  very unique and eyecatching  This necklace is so unique and beautiful. You can tell that the quality is excellent - it does not look cheap at all. I very much recommend purchasing a longer length than you need because of the type of links the necklace has. You can easily change the length to shorter or longer, depending on your desired look at the moment. If you purchase a shorter length necklace, then you are limited on your possiblities. I definitely recommend this necklace. It would make a perfect gift and it's such a reasonable price for such fine quality. The crystals just sparkle and the colors are soft and feminine. I would find it hard to believe that any woman wouldn't like to own this. <end>  Awesome necklace!  The necklace is as lovely as the matching earrings. It is not heavy and the silver link necklace is shiny and beautiful. I get constant compliments on mine. I love sparkle and color and at these prices, I can afford to treat myself more than I normally would. Thanks for making these wonderful jewelry pieces! <end>  Smartshopper  A very beautiful necklace. Shiny pastel colors. The crystals really catch the light.Looks pretty with a white tee shirt, white really shows the colors off. The necklace arrived on time and in a pretty silver box.Gem Avenue is an excellent company- I have been pleased with every purchase. <end>  Beautiful with a word of caution  I love the jewels on this necklace. I should have looked a little more carefully at the chain. The links are a little bigger than I expected and give the necklace a somewhat more casual look. A lot of reviewers love the chain, so just make sure that you look very carefully at all of the picture views, so you know what the chain will look like. <end>  Great necklace  I've had this necklace and the matching earrings for about 8 months now. It has a very light chain, as someone else mentioned. I've had no problems with it so far. I wear it probably about once every 2-3 weeks. I get lot's of compliments on it and the earrings. Definitely a nice product. <end>  Great necklace!  It's a really nice necklace and even better than the picture. Very vivid colous and you can wear it with almost everything! Great purchase at a great price! <end>  VERY Nice Piece  -)  The necklace is lovely  -) I also got the matching earrings.It's not heavy @ all very lite. It's so shiny... I had both on just the other day and got compliments on both. I'm glad I order it...I'm very happy & pleased. <end>  Pretty and adjustable  I like this necklace. It matches a lot of outfits, is lightweight and the type of chain it has makes it able to adjust to a shorter length if desired. It can be dressed up or down. Overall, I am pleased with it. <end>  Crystal necklace  This is a great necklace. I get compliments every time I wear it. The colors go with everything, and the length is perfect. It is one of the best pieces of jewelry I have ever purchased. I plan to order some earrings to match. <end>  Probably not the best choice.  This necklace is not what you may expect, after going to some Swarovski stores you can tell it has "other" quality, maybe crystals come from Swarovski but the necklace is not similar to original ones, maybe it is a good gift for the price, but be sure what you want before order it. <end>
 B000HZD0LE  Ethiopia 25 Cent "Lion Head" Two Toned Coin Cut Out Earrings ||	  Unique  Ethiopia 25 Cent "Lion Head" Two Toned Coin Cut Out EarringsOur daughter's favorite animal is the lion. She had been searching for a pair of lion earrings that didn't look cheap or childish, so I found these. They're a very unique and attractive earring, not heavy on the ear and matches with your yellow gold and white gold/silver jewelry. Our daughter loves them! <end>
 B000HZD3KC  Spring-loaded Gold-Tone Money Clip Money Clip by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Husband likes it  I originally bought this for an art project, figuring if it didn't work I'd give it to my husband who likes to use a money clip. It didn't work for my project so I gave it to him, and he says it's the best money clip he's had because it's thin, strong, and hasn't lost its spring. So there you have it. <end>
 B000HZGO0S  Cape Verde 1 Escudos "Sea Turtle" Two Tone Coin Earrings ||	  Turtle Lover  I purchased the Sea Turtle Cape Verde Coin Earrings to match the pendant necklace purchased earlier. I am pleased with my purchase but I wish the wires that go through the ears were 14kt or they could be placed on posts. <end>
 B000HZWXOE  Crosley Musical Jewelry Box BK320 ||	  Beautifully made but the figurines don't move  The jewelry box is beautiful. It looks really nice in person, but the figurines on top don't move. I don't know if we got a defective item or not, but figured that it was not worth sending it back and getting a replacement. But it's made really really nice.. great quality. <end>  Decent quality, rather small ,and pricey  I bought this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas. I didn't pay that much attention to the size, and I must admit I was a little disappointed that it was so small (about 7 inches on a side). On the plus side, the quality of the box seems fine. Overall, I think it's a bit overpriced. If you can find a good deal on it somewhere (say $30), then you'll probably be happy about your purchase. Otherwise, you may want to look at your local Macy's or JC Penneys and see if you can find something on sale that is a little larger.Written by Arthur Bradley, author of "Process of Elimination" - a cool erotic thriller that pits a martial artist against a world-class sniper.As always, please be kind enough to indicate if reviews are helpful. <end>  Decent quality, rather small ,and pricey  I bought this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas. I didn't pay that much attention to the size, and I must admit I was a little disappointed that it was so small (about 7 inches on a side). On the plus side, the quality of the box seems fine. Overall, I think it's a bit overpriced. If you can find a good deal on it somewhere (say $[...]), then you'll probably be happy about your purchase. Otherwise, you may want to look at your local Macy's or JC Penneys and see if you can find something on sale that is a little larger.Written by Arthur Bradley, author of "Process of Elimination" - a cool erotic thriller that pits a martial artist against a world-class sniper.As always, please be kind enough to indicate if reviews are helpful. <end>
 B000I0M1WW  Distinctive Mother of Pearl, Onyx, & Lapis Striped Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Excellent Product - worth to have.  Classy and perfect assembly!Have used it a couple of times and it grabs the looks!Nothing more to say - good for the price. <end>  Great links!  Very very happy with this purchase, and will be ordering more through this vendor! They came to my mailbox within a week and I had them in time for a nice evening out. Thank you! <end>
 B000I0O32I  Paisley Oval Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  What can I say?  These cufflinks look nice and do what they are supposed to do for a great price. <end>  Look close - The paisleys are really ghosts  If you look closely at the pictures, the small figures are ghosts. I didn't figure this out until I ordered the product. When I complained to the Company, they told me I was the first to say this and they had sold thousands. I have a hard time believing that. The good thing was that the company was great about the return. My cost was the shipping for learning this lesson. <end>
 B000I0O3DC  Classy Oval Enamel Black Screen Cufflinks Set silver-tone by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice Cuff Links  These are good sturdy cuff links. I've worn Gucci, Armani and other designer cuff's and sometimes their build quality is sub-par which really upsets me because they are so expensive. So I decided to give these a try while I was purchasing things on Amazon, and when they arrived I was very pleased with their design but the build quality was the most impressive. They are very well constructed and easy to put on. I've worn them twice in the past month and each time was complimented from different people. Good product, I will buy more. <end>  Very nice  I purchased these as a gift and they came in looking very nice. The silver box they came in was a little tired, but the links look very nice. I will update after the product gets some use. Very quick shipping. Good experience. <end>
 B000I0PFXY  Chunky Woven Black and Silver Cufflinks ||	  Fine Cuff Links  I don't always wear cuff links, but when I do, I choose Chunky Woven Black and Silver Cufflinks with a Presentation Box. <end>
 B000I0SZ3Q  Elegant Two-tone Gray & Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Two tones - different on each cuff!  This cuff looks almost exactly like it does online. They are attractive. The pair that we were shipped however did not match. One cuff had a darker gray and one had a lighter gray. The whites were the same. Not a huge deal as probably no one who sees you wearing the cuffs would notice, but it is annoying to get something brand new that isn't quite right. <end>  Poor color detail  The color you see on the picture does not match the ones on the real item, the black label is not as dark as I expected. <end>  Beautiful  Nicest cufflinks I've seen for such a reasonable price.The stones are shimmery but the look is very masculine and works with most colors of shirt and jacket since it is neutral gray. <end>  nice gift!  i got these for hubby for xmas, he seems to really like them! no problem getting the wrong "size," they are indeed "elegant" and reasonably priced. <end>
 B000I0SZBS  Black Enamel Ovals by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Great gift! Very beautiful!  I bought this for my brother in law; the fancy attorney who is hard to buy for. He loved them!!! <end>
 B000I0SZXQ  Clever Red Enamel Round Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  gifts for the guys  purchased as a gift for my groomsmen; they went over very well. cool cufflinks for such a reasonable price. <end>
 B000I0Z14M  Sterling Silver Dangling Simple Hearts Earrings ||	  Worth every penny!  I ordered this pair of earrings to go with another Eve's Addiction item and was ever so pleased when I rec'd them. I ordered several itmes from Eve's Addiction and these earrings are by far my favorite.They are long and very pretty! Worth the $$! <end>
 B000I2MTPE  Amazon.com  Rhinestone Stretch Bracelet 2 3 5 or 10 Rows Austrian Crystal Evening Wear Clubing  Clothing ||	  Just buy it whether you need it or not, Must have item!  Oh my, what a treasure to find! I love my bracelets(2) 5 row, they look real, expensive and the plus is they are comfortable. I have a formal/black-tie/hollywood-red carpet type dinner Gala to go to June 18,2010 and these bracelets match my shoes, necklace/earrings which, are also in rhinestone; and of course the gown dress to a tee. I'll look like a million bucks! If you have been looking for a great fashion rhinestone bracelet look no farther, stop and buy I promise you will not regret it! You can also wear the bracelet with just about anything to dress it up even a white blouse and dark blue jeans. This is a Must have item for every women granteed.***Oh BTW , shipping is fast! I order the bracelets one by acciedent, but I'm keeping the second one, May 28 or some where in that timeline and they came today, June 1, 2010 in the mist of a major holiday; Memorial day. <end>  Love it!  I ordered these for my bridesmaids and I am SO pleased at how they came out! They're very pretty and look fantastic with the dresses the girls will be wearing, but are versatile enough to be worn with other clothing as well.Also, shipping was much faster than I anticipated. All in all, a wonderful purchase--I may have to buy one for myself now! <end>
 B000I3IGB4  Amazon.com  Ovarian Cancer Awareness &quot;Unite to Fight&quot; Wristband Adult Size  Clothing ||	  Ovarian Cancer Awareness  I am a six year ovarian cancer survivor without a recurrence. I support the Minnesota Ovarian Cancer Alliance and I was very pleased to find a way to support awareness with a different, but similar, wristband. <end>
 B000I3NFBA  Amazon.com  Jesus Loves Me Frosted White Wristband Adult Size  Clothing ||	  white on white  i wear this item every single day. i refuse to take this off. its a constant reminder that i am loved. <end>
 B000I3QRGU  Pugster Christmas Inspired Silver Cockhorse Swarovski Crystal Brooches And Pins For Holiday Gifts ||	  Don't Count on These Guys  Ordered this to be delivered by Christmas. However, they decided to ship it postal ground. I have no idea why. They did refund the additional shipping charge. But I will never use this vendor again if I need anything sooner than '10 working days' which is what my estimated delivery time is now. On top of that they didn't even ship it until after Christmas.I wasn't notified of this until I contacted them to get shipping information. Only then did they tell me they screwed up. I should've looked at their feedback comments before I ordered from them. It appears that I'm not the only one experiencing these issues.Thanks for screwing up Christmas, Pugster. At least now I know to no longer deal with you and I will advise the same to my friends and family.Edit; just received this today. I'm not sure what it is they sent me, but it's nothing like what I ordered. I ordered a brooch and what they've sent me is some sort of tiny multicolored hoop. Contacting them now to see if I can get a refund.If I wasn't convinced before that these guys aren't professional and are a tragedy waiting to happen, I no longer have any such doubts. I'm just hoping that they can manage a refund correctly. <end>
 B000I5A13I  Design Carved Fashion Bracelet 2.75 Inches in Diamter ||	  absolutely perfect  I got this bracelet for my mom on Mother's Day and she loved it. It looked great on her arm and I'm very happy with how well it turned out. A very good buy! <end>
 B000I5HIFM  Jewel Jewelry Box - Blue ||	  Kind of flimsy.  I tried to give it a chance and see how it went but this music box, although "cute" could stand to be a little more durable but, it put a smile on the child's face SO it'll do. <end>  Beautiful  My daughter loves this jewelry box. It's a shiny blue with beautiful artwork. The music is from Swan Lake, with which she is familiar, and that makes it all the special to her. <end>
 B000I5S324  Sterling Silver and Amethyst Catholic Rosary Prayer Beads / Cross Necklace ||	  A real nice rosary  I got this based on the price and description. It is very nice and of great quality. I am very happy with it. <end>
 B000I5TQO8  Flower Shaped Pink Chandelier Crystal and Light Rose Lucite Drop Earrings ||	  Delicate chandeliers  Not the smallest chandelier earrings but very pretty & excellent price. Fun to wear. <end>
 B000I6IMVU  Green Enameled Crystal Butterfly Beaded Adjustable Chain Necklace ||	  Beautiful & Well Crafted  It took a bit to recieve this item, but it was worth it. I was not expecting the necklace to #1 weigh as much as it did & #2 to be so intricately detailed. It was a Christmas present for my sister and she loves it. Thank you. <end>
 B000I7OQT6  Sterling Silver Hollywood Inspired "Precious" Engraved Ring, Size 8 ||	  Great Movie Memorbilia  After suffering through many cheap imitation gold rings that turn your finger green (Ew!), I finally stumbled upon a silver recreation that actually does the One Ring justice. Even though technically supposed to be gold (but it looks nice in silver), this is an affordable replica that is great for lovers of the Lord of the Rings trilogy. I choose to wear mine on a chain like Frodo, which shows off the inscriptions much better than on a finger. And it's sterling silver, so there'll be no residue even if I decide to wear it upon my finger. Recommended for anyone who wishes to not spend hundreds of $$$ for something they actually want to wear and display. <end>  I love it!!!  So much better than I expected from the pictures! It's shiny and beautiful. Definitely worth getting it because the price is much lower than the gold one and looks great. I am a LOTR geek at heart and ordered this for myself. My friend who is also a big fan is jealous.I got a size six because that was the only one available, but it luckily fit my middle finger perfectly. I have a pretty small hand. Even if it didn't fit me it looks great on a silver chain. I'm small and I was afraid it would look too boyish and heavy, but it didn't! So please with with! <end>  Nice ring  I got the ring as a gift for a LoTR fan. They loved it!!! Enough said. <end>  Amazing product for a great price!  When I originally bought the ring, I was very skeptical about it due to its low price tag. Yet the item pictured still looked better than other replica options. Now when I go the ring on the mail, opened the box I was completely surprised with the quality of this ring.It's great for wearing, collecting, name it. It is truly a great product! <end>
 B000I7QH6G  Tressa Sterling Silver Jeweled Threader Earrings ||	  Very pretty, but...  The earrings are very pretty. Because these earrings have multiple strands, despite the seller's careful packaging, they were horribly tangled when I received them. I now wrap the strands when I'm not wearing them to prevent this. Unfortunately, one of the beads caught on my clothing and fell off. I still like the earrings and no one has noticed the missing bead. <end>
 B000I7ZNVG  6 Compartment Jewelry Organizer in Midnight Blue ||	  You NEED this because...  It fits inside drawers so well. It holds so many pieces of jewelry. It holds so many different kinds of jewelry, from pins to earrings, from bracelets to rings. It looks fabulous, and all your pretties are shown to their best advantage. <end>
 B000I822C8  Classy! 10k Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold 1/40 Ct Diamond & 8x6 mm Oval Sapphire (September-Birthstone) pendant-necklace ||	  Beautiful gift  This pendant is really beautiful. Very good quality for price. My wife love this gift. <end>
 B000I84QZ4  Acrylic Deluxe 6-Drawer Jewelry Chest ||	  Acrylic Deluxe 6-drawer Jewelery Chest  This product looked good, but it didn't work. When I received it, two of the six drawers would not open. I returned it for a refund. <end>  Perfect for my jewelry  Great for earrings, rings and watches. The drawers slide fairly easy and the acrylic is quite sturdy. I love that I can see what's in all the drawers without even opening them. <end>  Used for make up  This is a great little storage drawer. I am using it to keep my make up. Love the look of the clear acrylic. I only wish it was bigger and thought that for the price I paid, it was a bit small. I do love it overall. <end>  US Acrylic 6-drawer chest  Great looking chest, includes foam pads in each drawer to protect your items. I have six of them that I use to store vintage HO slot cars. <end>  This is just what I needed  I was looking for something to organize my makeup and this is perfect. Because it's see-through, I can find what I need and pull out each drawer and take it where I need it. My makeup and brushes stay clean and dust free. The only small drawback is that the drawers stick a bit. <end>  very nice!  Love it! I've been looking for a way to display my jewelry so I can see what I have without pullineg everything out. This does the job perfectly! <end>  BEWARE!  The drawers do not slide properly on mine. They have a tendency to jam and hang up. The company's return policy requires the customer to pay return shipping costs for even defective merchandise. This item is quite heavy for it's size so it would be quite expensive to return. They also charge a 15% re-stocking fee, so you are essentially paying them to take back defective merchandise. <end>  Let me get this off my chest...  The chest is actually a box, as there is no lid on hinges to lift up and it does not lock. And I am not sure what is "deluxe" about it. But if you're looking for a convenient way to both store and see your jewelry, plus keep it scratch-free, then this is it.Seems to be well made (mine survived shipping in a box full of books when I moved abroad), and is fairly heavy, for acrylic.It has drawers thinly lined with a rubber-foam "cloth" and there are no stops. I think they'd be visible, and ruin the design aesthetic of the clear box. If they were metal, they might cause stress fractures over time where they'd be in contact with the runners or grooved slides. I am fine with it the way it is.Try using tailors marking powder or a white wax candle, rubbing it along the part of the drawer that fits into the groove, to help them slide more easily if they seem to stick. That works for wooden drawers to bureaus and dressers, too.This box, same design and maker, can be purchased at B B and B stores in the States for less, I have since discovered.It was exactly what I wanted and works great for me. I had other 30s -style acrylic, crystal and mirrored boxes for the vanity and wanted something to go with those. It doesn't "stick out" in a room, like larger wooden boxes or more ornate designs do.A nice companion to this box is one which also reminds me of 30s vintage. Tarjay sells it, it's listed under Mirrored Jewelry Box at their site. <end>  return was not easy/ no info given online  Box was nice, but small drawers fell out of casing when opened. (no kind of "stops"). Vendor needs to list return info on amazon site, ratherthan having customer search around for email address and wait for vendors reply. <end>  An Almost Perfect Storage Option For My Make-up  I just purchased this little acrylic drawer unit last week after reading the reviews recommending it as a good option for cleaning up the bathroom counter. I was a bit leary because I was afraid it would look really cheap but it looks really nice! My husband even gave it his stamp of approval! I was able to get rid of the overflowing cosmetic bag on the counter and there is still room for more. If it helps at all, I used one of the larger drawers for make-up brushes and tools like tweezers... The other large drawer contains foundation and eyeshadows. I divided the smaller drawers into lips, mascara and eye pencils, primers, and the last one holds blush, highlighters, and a box of powder. If you have tons of eyeshadows or pallets of colors for every season you will probably need either two of these or the larger one that has 7 drawers. It truly does look nicer than a bulging makeup bag and I love knowing exactly where to find each product. The quality is top notch and mine works very easily. The entire unit is well constructed. I am now looking to see which piece I can get to best match this to hold my hairbrushes, lotion, argan oil... I highly recommend this for use as a cosmetic organizer! <end>  Drawers get stuck!  I purchased this for the sole purpose of putting make-up in. When I started to place make-up in one of the bottom drawers it got stuck when I closed. No biggie. I took drawer out and tried to place back in, and it got stuck yet again! I now have to battle pushing the drawer in everyday! I thought this would've been better quality. I was better off getting a plastic storage organizer that would've been more reliable. This thing is a piece of crap that I spent $60 on. Their return policy also disappointing. I was going to purchase another one but after dealing with this thing...forget it! Don't buy, look elsewhere. <end>  I LOVE IT...  Shipping was quick & I didn't have any problems with mine. There are no stopper on the drawers but I had expected that. My box did come open but after opening it, I had realized that the vendor had to double check to make sure all was ok before they had shipped it out. <end>  GOOD.....  THIS PRODUCT IS VERY NICE ON THE EYE, ITS HEAVY, AND ITS EXACTLY HOW ITS PICTURED, THE DRAWERS ARE SMALL THOUGH, I HAD TO DO SOME CLEANING AND GET RID OF SOMETHINGS I DIDNT USE, BUT WANTED TO KEEP. ANOTHER THING, IF YOU HAVE MAC FACE PRODUCTS LIKE POWDERS OR BRONZERS THEY DONT ALL FIT IN ONE DRAWER, I COULD ONLY FIT 4 AND TIGHT, BUT OVERALL GREAT PRODUCT I WILL EVENTUALLY BUY THE SMALLER ONES TO STACK THEM ON TOP OF THIS ONE. BUT GREAT PRODUCT! <end>  Beautiful and practical  I love having my jewelry accessible and visible. It makes it easier to decide which pieces to wear each day, when I can see everything at a glance. This is a well made and attractive chest that should be showcased on your vanity. <end>  Satisfied  Very nice looking. Only 1 complaint, same as some others the drawers tend to stick. I did switch them around and it seems to be working fine. <end>  Very Pleased  I's durable, and for my 88 year old mother, it helps her see her jewelry so much better. she says her &#34;dresser looks brighter&#34;. <end>
 B000I8TGJK  Purple Gold-Trimmed Real Rose Petal Earrings ||	  now quite what I expected  The earrings look like enamel and are very small. Not a good value for the money I paid. I was expecting larger petals and it was supposed to look like a real leaf from a rose. It does not look like a rose petal at all. Very disappointed. <end>
 B000IAYA0S  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Polished Finish 6mm Mens Band Plain Stunning Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 ||	  Perfect  i got this ring engraved for my boyfriend for valentines and it was perfect!quick delivery and came in a fantasic ring box!will us you again <end>  Good Quality for the price  like the other reviews said, it's not as shiny as it appears to be in the pic but still it's good quality. My finance liked it a lot  -) <end>  tthe square band review  i really think the band is very stylish, and it fits vry neat...i truely am pleased with my purchase ...i will continue to look at the nice jewlery you guys have to offer....thank you so much for giving very professional service......i appreciate your service... <end>  Nice  )  I ordered this for my pinky and it fits great and looks good + it hasnt given me a rash yet  D <end>  Loved it!  This ring is fantastic, came in a beautiful heart-shaped box and is very very nicelooking. I'm 20 year old and got normalsized hands, and size 5 fits me perfectly!! I was worried it would be too big but it's exactly right!My girlfriend got bigger hands and she wanted it on her pinky finger, but it was too big for the pinky and too small for the ringfinger...so size five would have been great on her. she got big hands for a girl though.. <end>  AHHH DARN  i ordered this ring and it wasnt as shiny as i thought it would be. and it only fits my pinky. but the shipping was pretty fast. <end>
 B000IB2SXS  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Clear Cubic Zirconia Polished Finish Rhodium Plated 13mm Mens Ring Size 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 ||	  9.25 RING STERLING SILVER BAND CUBIC ZIRCONIA  STONE FELL OUT AFTER I BOUGHT IT WITHIN 2 WEEKS OF NORMAL WEAR/CAN'T WEAR IT NOW/DISAPPOINTMENT BEYOND BELIEF!!!!! <end>  A fantastic product  When I recieved my ring i didn't imagine that it was such a fine piece of art, I was impressed with its quality and fine design, so I advice all the interested in this kind of product to buy at amazon.com because only here you can finde a great shipping servive and huge quality in all their stuff. <end>  cubic zirconia ring  very nice looking ring, could be a little brighter, but for the price it looks very nice.kr <end>  wow what a ring!!!  This the ring and I saw it in gold and diamonds but you know what Now that I see it in silver I had to buy it and yes I love it. I will only use it to go out .This is one ring for my collection. and the price is amazing I will say this you wont regret it..Its Beautiful. Buy it you love it.. <end>  Small stones/little sparkle  Ring arrived after three days, does not state caret size. stone very small no light refraction, seems small and dull. design is good, stones unremarkable, reflect very little light <end>
 B000IBA6I2  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Princess Cut Clear Cubic Zirconia Two Tone Finished Rhodium Plated 6mm Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  nice unique ring  It beautiful but the setting is slightly crooked; not noticeable to most. The CZ has a nice brilliance but no one would ever mistaken this for real unless they have never seen a real diamond or have glaucoma. I order 4 items but 3 came in about 3 days. The other items I would give a similar review. The rings came in a beautiful silver heart box with a pink bow; great for gifts. The price makes these low risk purchase and I would definitely buy from this vendor. <end>  For the price, this ring is a steal!!!  I think the picture of this ring hides nothing. The area where the little diamonds are on the sides of the ring is smooth and shiny silver, while the other parts have the "brushed silver" effect. The main diamond is set down in, it doesn't stick up much at all, which is perfect for people who are active with their hands but don't want to take their rings off all of the time. It really is a gorgeous item. I would def. recommend this to anyone, and also the seller Gem Avenue. Great merchandise for great price!!!!! <end>  Very beautiful  I was not expecting it to be so beautiful...I really love it.The whole ring itself has such a strong yet delicate look.The price is awesome!I was impressed. I will definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Not as beautiful as it looks.  The sides of the ring that do not have small round diamonds are flat (not shiny) and the image of the ring does not portray this. <end>
 B000IBDC42  Citrine Sterling Silver Tennis Bracelet 7 1/4&quot; ||	  My wife love the item  I brought it for her, she said she love it and loves the stones. I haven't seen it for a while I wonder where she put it. <end>  Very nice value!  Wow, for the money I didn't think this would be a keeper but I had to try it based on the photo. Well, it's even better than that. The citrine is a beautiful warm golden yellow, the sterling is very secure but not overwhelming (it looks platinum-plated) and the clasp is secure but easy to operate. Wow, a winner for me!!! <end>
 B000IBFTK2  Sterling Silver CZ November Birthstone Ring Necklace with 18" Figaro Chain ||	  Very Pretty Necklace  This necklace is so pretty, I got it for my sisters birthday. I hope she loves it just as much as I do!!!!! <end>
 B000IBFU7Y  Sterling Silver 25mm Polished Circle Pendant with Link Chain ||	  Waste of Money!  I've found nicer jewelry at Claire's Boutique and other kiddy-stores. This item is so poor I wouldn't even give it to a child as play jewelry. <end>
 B000IBN2TC  Sterling Silver Guitar Pendant with Snake Chain ||	  Loved it!  I got this for my best friend for Christmas who plays the guitar. She absolutely loved it. She never takes it off. The only negative thing I can say about the product is that it is extremely small. Even smaller than it is depicted on the site. You can tell what it is, but it's tiny. <end>
 B000IBT0HA  Round & Oval Cut Amethyst & Peridot Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  These earrings are lovely.  I bought these as a present for my maid of honor, and I couldn't be more pleased with the purchase. They were shipped promptly, in an awesome gift box, and most importantly they are elegant and well-made.The stones on these earrings are clean and nicely cut. They have a beautiful sparkling effect when they turn in the light. In addition, the silver fittings are well-tooled, smooth and not at all cheap looking. Real quality workmanship. I plan to purchase from this seller again! <end>
 B000IBT1EC  Round Cut Citrine Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely earrings  Round Cut Citrine Dangling Earrings Sterling SilverThese earrings are lightweight, well made and the citrine is lovely and bright. Am always pleased with items purchased from Peora. <end>
 B000IBUM1I  Pear Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Attractive and Well Made  These are pretty earrings. The stones are very good quality, I wouldn't expect less from Peora. The craftsmanship is excellent. The blue topaz is very clear blue, the color is not a deep swiss blue, they are a good medium blue color. The silver setting is highly polished, and the blue topaz is very reflective. These are stylish earrings. The combined look of the blue topaz with a lot of silver presence is quite attractive on the ear. I must say, the silver setting looks like white gold. In the photo the setting appears to be very icy white silver. They most definitely are not. Great everyday earrings that can be worn with anything--comfortable on the ear and a perfect size. <end>
 B000IBUMCC  Round Cut Genuine Amethyst Flower Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  earings  I ordered these for my 7yo niece and they are beautiful! Perfect for little girls!! <end>
 B000IBUNUI  Round Peach Coral Bead Party Loop earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Too long  I did not realize these earrings would be so long. I will give them to my daughter in law for her birthday. She loves long earrings. The quality is good, This is a very good company. I have ordered several pieces from them and this is the only product I was not pleased with for myself because they are too long for me. <end>
 B000IBUNYE  Round Cut Smoky Quartz Drop Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Great Smoky Quartz Earrings  I am extremely pleased with these earrings, they are well made and the quartz is very clear and has excellent color. Although the earrings are relatively small the gem size is well balance to catch the eye without appearing garish. I wasn't sure how well the earring's size would work with the earring design but the earrings look fantastic when worn. I've found that they look great with formal or casual attire. <end>  Lovely earrings  Bought these as a Christmas present for my daughter (shhh! don't tell her). So I was very glad to see that they came in a really nice little box for presentation (wrapped inside, so one sets up the presentation oneself).Funny thing about smoky quartz is that, while at first glance it looks grey, there is quite a bit of amber tone in the stone in light. They are small earrings, but with very nicely cut and set stones, and a good, sturdy-looking, pretty setting, and a nice presentation box that doesn't even need wrapping. <end>  Great Product, Great Price, makes a Happy Husband and a Happy Wife  I purchased these for my wife as part of her anniversary present and she loves them. The smoky quartz are beautiful and my wife is happy. Nothing else to be said. <end>
 B000IBUOCA  Trillion Cut London Blue Topaz Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Gorgeous London Blue  I was quite impressed when these arrived and wrote a review which was never posted...so I'll try again. The topaz earrings arrived almost immediately, well packaged and then additionally housed in a lovely lavender presentation box. Even more surprising than the perfectly matched gorgeous deep London blue color of the stones, was the fairly heavy weight of the silver. They will make a stunning gift. <end>  Beautiful!  For the miniscule price, these earrings are perfect! The blue is absolutely beautiful and they really look great with your hair pulled back to allow them to shine! <end>  Beautiful  These earrings were very cheaply priced and I wasn't sure about the quality. When I recieved them I was surprised at how well they are made. Great for the price. <end>  Great earrings, fair price  Had trouble with USPS delivery of them, but after the ripped up box finally got the our house, the wait was worth it. Bought them to go with a similar Blue Topaz necklace in white gold I got in Gold Box a little while before (shows what I know about jewelry, matching white gold and silver) but the Mrs. is happy with them. Keep a close eye on the picture with the earring size, as they are fairly small. Stones are a good color and are set nicely, typical for Peora products (though not made in USA). <end>  Love, love, LOVE THEM!!  These earrings are gorgeous and I bought 7 pairs for me and my female family members. I am giving them out as 'just because' gifts because the cost was excellent plus free shipping!! They come in a nice little gift box, the earrings were in separate little ziplock bags to keep them protected during shipping. Since then, I have purchased necklaces to match from this company for myself and my Mom, plus another necklace for a friend's birthday. Love this company's products!! <end>  Blue Topaz earrings  Bought as a gift for friends, everyone loves them, great color and looks great on. <end>  Pretty, but not sterling.  These are wicked pretty, but not sterling. My ears were infected by these within a few hours...which only happens when they aren't real! <end>
 B000IBUURO  Radiant Cut Peridot Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Pretty  great quality, fair price for a dainty ring.the green is slightly less vibrant "in real life."the picture makes it look a lot brighter.still very pretty though! <end>
 B000IBUV0K  Round Cut Citrine Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great gift for a "Young" Person  This ring was a perfect fit for my daughter, who turned 12. Not to show, yet not to "child-like" either - it makes a great gift for those who are hard to buy for, but yet not responsible enough to have something too expensive. <end>
 B000IBUVFA  Twin Heart Amethyst Citrine Ring Sterling Silver ||	  perfect gift  I bought this for a good friend of mine because the stones were those of her and her sons. She adores it and wears it always. Low price, fast shipping and great quality. You can't really ask for more. <end>
 B000IBUX1W  Blue & White Mother of Pearl Right Hand Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Mother of Pearl is ok  The product arrived in a reasonable time and in excellent condition. Unfortunately, I ordered to big of a size but the ring is still very beautiful. Great product! <end>
 B000IBUX62  Round Cut London Blue Topaz Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Fantastic  Great product-I dont need to look any where else for these pieces. I found great quality at fantastic prices right here.I am so impressed with these items that I have bought several with different gems. Thankyou so much.Round Cut Amethyst Three Stone Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver <end>
 B000IBUXD0  Round Cut Amethyst Flower Shaped Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  nice  This ring was very well made. I bought it for my daughter, but the flower was to big and gawdy for her. <end>
 B000IBUXX0  Men's Titanium Ring Band Size 12 ||	  Good quality  Not much to say other than its a titanium ring, as expected.Looks good, feels good. <end>  Nice heavy ring  I have smashed the blazes out of my wedding ring several times so I decided to get an "everyday" replacement. This was a wise choice because I think a truck could over my hand and it would be just fine. The ring feels heavy for its size. The only fault I have with it is that if you rub your face, this ring will scratch it. The outer edge is sharp. I'm sure it will dull over time but I find myself being a bit cautious with it. But for the price, it has been a great substitute. <end>
 B000IBVPHS  Round & Trillion Cut Amethyst Citrine J-Hoop Charm Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Wow, they are beautiful!  Small petite earrings, I found them in my gold box one day for $10 so I ordered a bunch for Xmas presents. I was impressed when they showed, they are petite, very cute, and the stones are beautiful. Not sure how they will wear yet, but initial reaction is "wow", nice bang for the buck. <end>  Nice quality but small.  I wish I had seen reviews before I bought these in October 08. VERY nice quality earrings, exactly as pictured, but much smaller and daintier than I thought. Very well suited for younger, pre-teen girls, or a woman with very short hair to show them off. My longer hair just hides them. But pretty earrings regardless, and nicely boxed with fast delivery. <end>  Beautiful!  The earrings are very well made, not tremendous, but really make a statement. I was very happily surprised and just received a very well made ring from Peora as well. I plan on doing a lot of my holiday shopping with them! Thanks! (Previous fine jewelry store manager of 9 years) <end>  earrings  I purchased these for a young lady (about 12)and they are adorable. I am sure she will love them <end>
 B000IBVPJG  Oval & Round Genuine London Blue Topaz Three-Stone Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Lovely earrings  Oval & Round Genuine London Blue Topaz Three-Stone Earrings Sterling SilverThese earrings are very well made...they are pleasant to wear because they are not heavy...the color of the stones are lovely and bright...the design is unusual as well. <end>  A Little goes a Long Way!  These delicate earrings are a lovely addition to other pieces from the Peora London Blue Topaz collection. We added these earrings to a ring and necklace to create a beautiful set for our daughter; whose birthday is in December.She is as delighted with the quality and craftsmanship of the earrings as we are. They look lovely on the ear; especially if one's hair is short or worn swept away from the ear. The earrings are the perfect size for looking elegant. We are most pleased with our purchase! <end>
 B000IBVPPA  Oval Cut Amethyst Drop Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great look, great price.  I got these really just because of the deep color of the stones. I wasn't too sure if the little lady would like the look, but since they were so inexpensive, I also bought the oval cut celtic design drop earrings with somewhat lighter stones.Well, they looked fantastic when they showed up and she loved them.Simple and small with a slightly dangly look. Very nice. <end>  small, but pretty  These are pretty small - I thought they would be bigger. My fault, since the size was described. These would actually be perfect for a pre-teen. <end>
 B000IBVRBM  Oval Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  I am very pleased with the product and the service.  "I bought two items for my mother. I gave one to her for a late Mother's Day present. She loved it. I'm saving the next one for her birthday. If I hadn't ordered so late it would have been here for Mother's Day. That was totally my fault. I am very pleased with the product and the service. Thank you, - A.L." <end>
 B000IBVREO  Pear Cut Peridot Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Pretty Earrings  The earrings came on time and were very well made. I thought they would be a bit larger, but overall I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  beautiful  This product was gorgeous and what it was as described. I would buy it again <end>  Absolutely beautiful  It's way prettier than the picture. A very good buy! It arrived on time as well. <end>
 B000IBVRIA  Radiant Cut London Blue Topaz Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  London Blue Topaz Earrings  I was not at all happy with this purchase. The topaz is very pretty but the s.s. looks very cheap, does not look like .925, it looks as if you could have bought this at a discount store <end>
 B000IBVSAC  Pear Cut Garnet Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  really cute  really cute and came in adorable box. I didn't even have to gift wrap. cam=e in the mail almost instantly. <end>
 B000IBVWJ4  Round cut Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Sterling Silver ||	  KMForrest  I purchased this ring for my Mother's Birthday. It was true to size, and the box it came in could double as gift wrap. It has a luster I do not usually see in sterling. I will certainly use this vendor again for other gift purchases. It came within 3 days of my order. <end>
 B000IBVX3E  Dangling Flat Cross Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  nice earrings!!  I bought these for my daughter for a confirmation gift. They were just as described-large and pretty- she wears them alot!! <end>
 B000IBVYHE  Trillion Cut London Blue Topaz Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Color Matters!!  I bought two different styles of this ring.I have to admit that The Only Disappointment was in the color.The Blue is Not That Blue and does Fade... <end>
 B000IBVYR4  Trillion Cut Peridot Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Pure silver? Ha!  It certainly is stamped .925, but it's not solid silver, it's plated. And cheap plating at that -- it wore off within a month. I still have this ring, but it's not worth what I paid for it. <end>
 B000IBW0WM  Princess Cut White Cz Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver Sz 8 ||	  Stunning ring! You would never know it's not a diamond.  This ring is absolutely beautiful and you wouldn't know that it's not real. It sparkles and shines in all the right ways, and the band is made of a great material, the only one I am not allergic to and it hasn't turned my finger green! <end>
 B000IBW1FS  Trillion Cut Peridot Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Nice Design but not happy with stone  I bought several items from Peora and this is one of my disappointment. This is a cute ring; unfortunately the stone just does not do this design justice. The peridot is too small and it looks jammed into the triangle and has no sparkle at all. Very disppointed with this one. <end>
 B000IBW1HG  Laser Cut Engraved Ring Band Sterling Silver Size 9 ||	  This Ring Is So Shiney!  I bought this ring for my dad to give my mom. We were really impressed at how beautiful the engraving is. It sparkles and shines and it definitely eye-catching. It's also light-weight and very feminine. The only problem was the sizing. We got a size 9 and it was too small. The ring cannot be sized. My mom was bummed, but put it on a necklace and wears it that way. She loves it and is proud of it! <end>
 B000IBXES6  Round Cut Peridot Citrine Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great Value for a Small Gift  I bought these earrings for my wife, for our anniversary. She is very fond of them, and I am very happy for having purchased them.Money has been tight this season, as I am sure it has been for many people. Consequently, I was delighted when I found these at a great sale price (I believe it was a Christmas sale, our anniversary is near Thanksgiving). I knew my wife wanted some jewelry with our baby's birthstone -- these happened to come with both her birthstone and our son's.The quality of the metal is very good, and the workmanship is quite good. I had some initial reservations, thinking that jewelry at such a (relatively) low price must not be high quality, but really these are quite good. The earrings are very light, but they do not seem any more fragile than most earrings. The chain from which the lower part of each earring depends is strong, not likely to break unless you abuse/misuse it. The workmanship, primarily in the mountings for the gemstones, is not as refined as some more expensive jewelry. Nevertheless, it has a "handmade" quality to it that, far from being displeasing, is actually a point in its favor.The stones are very small, of course, but they are bright and colorful.You may think it funny, but, the moment I received the earrings and opened the mailer, my first thought was, "wow, what a great box!" Peora's presentation -- the style and attention to detail just in the box for the earrings -- is impressive. The box is so beautiful, I know my wife will keep it and enjoy it, almost as much as she enjoys the earrings themselves. I was really quite astonished at the quality of this product, considering what I paid.I commend Peora for the quality and value of their product. I highly recommend these particular earrings, and I would bet that Peora's other products are equally amazing values (if not all necessarily to my taste). <end>
 B000IBXFXU  Round Cut Swiss Blue Topaz Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  The color is absolutely stunning!  Everyone stares at these babies when I wear them! The only part I don't like is when the earring gets twisted, so I'm constantly making sure they're facing the right way. Other than that little problem, these things are FAB! <end>
 B000IBXGCU  Round Cut Peridot Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Purchased as a gift  We purchased these for a Christmas gift for our fifteen year old niece. She loved them and never complained of them tarnishing or turning her ears green.  ) <end>
 B000IBXKUI  Multicut Amethyst Three Stone Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  What you see... is "almost" what you get.  You Get More! The silver is beautifully finished with white gold or rhodium. It photographs icy white, but the silver setting--definitely-- looks like white gold. Beautiful earrings that have clear stones. The color is rich and saturated. These are left and right drop, dangle earrings. The earrings are an inch in length....lots of sparkle. They can be worn for any occasion. The butterfly backs have good friction....very secure. The post through the ear is solid silver and sturdy. Great quality. I purchased these to go with a necklace I previously ordered from Peora, and they are perfect. Thank you, very much. <end>
 B000IBXN2S  Princess Cut Amethyst Ring Sterling Silver ||	  PURPLE LOVERS  Wish it were available in more than size 6, I love it and have worn it daily since I got it. Very contemporary design yet delicate looking. I have loved all items from PEORA (clearance or otherwise) so far. <end>
 B000IBXNGY  Oval Cut Garnet Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  My son's girlfiiend liked it  My son says his girlfriend (16 years old) liked the ring. My niece was in on the purchase and gave it a thumbs up, after it arrived. <end>
 B000IBXOMC  Twin Heart Garnet Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Perfect, Classy gift  I bought this gleaming garnet twin-heart ring for someone with a January birthday after previously purchasing this style in blue topaz. Sparkling,clear stones in a perfect silver finish, this ring is lovely even under a magnifying glass. I like that just one of each ring is offerred and that the size is decided by the setting and size of stone so it is proportional. <end>
 B000IBXPTO  Heart Cut Garnet Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Heart Shaped Garnet Ring  I received this ring in a timely fashion. It's a really pretty ring and I'm very happy with it. Thanks. <end>
 B000IBXPTY  Multi-color Mother of Pearl Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Gorgeous  The ring is absolutely beautiful. The order came in record time (even though I live in Canada!!) There were no hidden costs (as there were with another company I have recently ordered from) The ring is even more beautiful than pictured!! Great company, great product. I highly recommend both!! <end>
 B000IBXQ52  Round Cut Peridot Ring Sterling Silver Size 7 ||	  Beautiful Ring.  My 7yr old daughter loved this birthstone ring. It is just what we wanted and looked very beautiful on her small hand. <end>
 B000IBXQGG  Round Cut Peridot & Amethyst Ring Sterling Silver Size 7 ||	  Excellent!  I ordered this ring for my mother because it had both my and my sister's birthstones in it. It arrived very quickly and in excellent condition. When I gave it to my mother, she flipped for it! It was her favorite Mother's Day gift yet. I definitely recommend this item! It's a great value and gorgeous! <end>
 B000IBXQTI  Unisex Surgical Steel Ring Size 8 ||	  TARNISHED WHEN RECEIVED  THIS RING WAS TARNISHED WHEN I RECEIVED IT. IT ALSO STARTED TO TURN GREEN. DO NOT GET <end>
 B000IBXR92  Matte Finish Surgical Steel Spinner Ring Band Size 11 ||	  beautiful ring.  I received the ring in just a couple days and my husband loved it. It was for our 11th (steel/fashion jewelry) anniversary. Perfect. <end>
 B000IBZHJU  Oval Cut Garnet Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  Very cute  The earrings are small but very delicate and pretty. Shipment was very fast. They came in a cute box. <end>  Beautiful earrings delivered quick  No complaints. The earrings were beautiful and came in a very cute gift box which I did not even have to wrap. <end>
 B000IBZKB0  Cross Ornate Dangling Oval Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  elegant earrings  These earrings are elegant and quite beautiful. Fine quality at an affordable price. I am more than satisfied. <end>
 B000IBZLIM  Oval Cut Ruby Dangling Earrings Sterling Silver ||	  nice style  This is one of those purchases that you just take a chance on. I liked the look of these online but wasnt really sure about the size but figured why not. I was pleasantly surprised when they came. They look very nice the stone color is good, the workmanship is excellent. Very happy with my purchase. <end>
 B000IBZNF8  Round Cut Peridot Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Beautiful  The sterling silver band is thin and sophisticated. The peridots are genuinely beautiful and unique. <end>
 B000IBZNSU  Oval Cut Citrine Solitaire Ring Sterling Silver ||	  Citrine ring  Ring arrived within a few days of ordering. It is slim and delicate, and the citrine is a light caramel color. It's really beautiful; I put it on as soon as I opened the box. If you are looking for something different, this is a good choice. Definitely an eye-catching piece. <end>
 B000IBZOWK  Trillion Cut Citrine Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  fabulous item, brilliant delivery. Recommended to all.  fantastic product - just as described. Very reasonable price and delivered even faster than anticipated. Very pleased - thank you! <end>
 B000IBZQ8M  Heart Cut Citrine Garnet Ring Sterling Silver ||	  beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful and just what I was looking for. I have looked for a long time for a ring with citrine and garnet together in white gold or sterling silver. My husband's birthstone is garnet and mine is citrine. This ring and shape is perfect - now our HEARTS will always be together. <end>
 B000IBZQJG  Round White Cz Toe/Pinky Ring Sterling Silver ||	  nice ring, but a little lackluster  The ring is at a great price and was delivered very quickly. I love the design and the overall look of it. However, after less than two months of wearing it, it's already lost it's shine on some parts. When I contacted Peora, they told me that the rhodium plating was probably coming off. Their solution was to talke it to a local jeweler to either have it replated or to have the rest of the rhodium taken off. I'm not sure what the cost of the repair will be yet, but I felt that Peora should have offered to either replace or repair it themselves, especially since such a short amount of time had passed. <end>
 B000IBZR7M  Marquise Cut Pink Cz Ring Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Size 9 ||	  review pink ring  Received the ring in very short time. It was as advertised, very pretty and sparkly. Good price. Nice packaging for gift giving. <end>
 B000IBZRFO  Men's Titanium Ring Band Size 12 ||	  Very nice band.  Definitely worth the price, a very nice band. The only reason the product didn't receive 5 stars is because it was dirty when it arrived. It was easy to clean, so no harm done. <end>
 B000ID9438  Amazon.com  Prada Women&#39;s Plex Mary Pin, Rosso/Blue  Clothing ||	  Can it get better than this? I think not.  Oh my god. It can't get any better than this. I mean; seriously. Can it? No. It really can't; not when you have the amazing funktastic Prada Plex Mary Pin. I'm telling you...this is the best thing you could ever wish for. Really. Seriously.Oh my god.No really. Like sometimes when I'm wearing this fantabulus pin these fat kids will like wanna try and eat it. And I'm like...hell yea fatty you try and eat this. And I like give them the pin and they grab with their fat little fingers and they try and eat it. But they fail and usually end up crying. It's the best $195 I have ever spent.Oh my god this pin is from Italy this pin is from Italy with a certificate that proves that it is, indeed, from Italy. So yeah...Italy is the best. Hurry up and buy this cause there's only like 5 left and they are millions of fat kids. That's a huge ratio difference there. You like, you buy, you Italy. I'm Italy. We are Italy. Italy sometimes is indefinitely Italy. This pin came from there; Certificate says so. Best in the world.Oh my god. <end>
 B000IEPF6W  Sterling Silver & Diamond Accent Circle Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Dull bling- bling  Whoa! What happened? When I pulled this pendant out of it lovely, velvet pouch, I was surprised to see how small it was (the exact same size as a nickel). In the picture it appears to be bigger. You won't see it sparkle like it does in the picture, either. I am still happy with it but it is not what I expected. <end>  nice pendant, but thin chain  Necklace came in nice black velevet pouch. It looked very sparkly and I couldn't wait to put it on, and when I did, it fell right off. The clasp on the chain broke. The chain is very thin. I sent it back and they credited my account within days. <end>  Looks cheap  I would definitely not recommend this item to anyone. It looks it was purchased out of a gumball machine. Save your money and buy a nicer version. <end>
 B000IF51TC  Stacking Ring Trio (size  8) ||	  lovely as a trinity, or even to wear separately!  this stacking ring trio is lovely as a trinity, and the individual rings can be worn separately too, giving more than one choice of how to wear them! <end>
 B000IG69UG  "Venezia II" Earrings (Jet Black) ||	  Glass with Class  These have fast become my favorite earrings. Goes with just about anything - light, nicely done, very interesting design. I'm happy! <end>
 B000IGKK24  Fused Dichroic Art Glass Pendant Necklace - Star Motif - Hand Made One at a Time! - Sparkling Pink Dichroic Star on Green! ||	  A little disappointed  There was a bubble in the glass by the star. It's still very pretty, but disappointed in the quality. Don't know if I'd buy another one of these. The person who received it for Christmas said she liked it, and hope she really did. For the price, the quality just wasn't there. <end>
 B000IHPZZA  14K Yellow Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  Not what was expected  Terrible colour, no sparkle.It had a nice setting. <end>
 B000IHQ0JU  14K White Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1 1/2ctw, G-H, SI2-I1) ||	  One star because it wouldn't allow zero.  Purchased 1 1/2ctw (G-H, SI2-I1) from Netaya for x-mas. Arrived well after x-mas even though they confirmed and reconfirmed. When they finally did arrive, the diamonds just looked dull and lifeless compared to the pair I ultimately purchased at a local jeweler. I pulled out a small magnifying glass and quickly saw why - the diamonds had visible carbon spots all over the top. This was a poor quality product. Horrendous service. And a difficult return. A perfect trifecta of disappointment. <end>
 B000IHQ0MC  14K Yellow Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (3/4ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  14K Princess Diamond studs  For the money, these earrings are very nice. The stones are a good size and they really sparkle when they are worn. I would not hesitate to tell others to buy these. The box they came in is a cute clear plastic cube. <end>
 B000IHRRJM  14K White Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (3/8ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  Poor quality  The quality is too poor. We are not experts in diamond, but these didn't even look like diamonds - extremely dirty and yellow. We returned it and got it from somewhere else. <end>
 B000IHTUYC  14K Yellow Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, J-K, I2-I3) ||	  good deal  For the money you cant beat them. Got them as part of my girlfriends gift for V-day and she is still wearing them. They are great for second holes <end>  A shabby gift, so small they'll be lost in a jewelry case  I'm assuming this is the same product Amazon featured a week or so ago as a 'Gold Box' promotion. Anyway, they appear similar.These are junk. Tiny junk. The stones are miniscule. No woman older than six years, will be happy with them.Photos on the website are deceptive. The backing is actually larger than the teeny-weeny stones.I ordered these as a gift, but I'd be embarrassed to give them to anyone. Back they go to Amazon. Too bad they can't just be ground up in the Disposal, but they'd probably sift right through. <end>
 B000IHVP2W  14K Yellow Gold Round Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/3ctw, G-H, SI2-I1) ||	  Studs look good  They are beautiful. Service is prompt.They do not come with any kind of certification. As per the seller, they can be certified for some extra $$$. <end>
 B000IIEEQ0  Pirate Fish Pin (bright silver finish) ||	  Great Pin!  May the Flying Spaghetti Monster's noodly appendages bless the makers of this fine esoteric emblem lapel pin. It is well made, just the right size to be noticed and, of course, shiny. (Shiny things - goood!) When I wear this pin I get smiles from those in-the-know and strange looks from... well, I get strange looks all the time, whether I'm wearing this pin or not. <end>  Of the Chosen People (pirates)  A fine quality little pin for displaying one's faith in His Noodliness. The cost is a bit steep when you factor in shipping, but well worth it! I wear it on my hat so that I can feel like I'm not totally blaspheming by not wearing the complete holy outfit (full pirate regalia) if an opportunity for some impromptu spreading of The Word should arise. <end>
 B000IIGYIQ  Pugster Classic Black Flower With Clear White Swarovski Crystal Diamond Accent Victorian Vintage Brooches And Pins ||	  Didn't purchase this product  I did purchase 2 brooches from Pugster - a snowflake and fox. I did not buy this brooch. <end>
 B000IJTPQS  14k White Gold Journey Curve Earrings (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  Good but not as great as in picture  overall a O.K set of earrings given the fact i bought it during a sale.Definitely would NOT buy it again. <end>
 B000IK5S9A  14k Yellow Gold, Princess-Cut, Diamond Classic 4-Prong Solitaire Pendant (1/10 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Very tiny diamond, but still nice!  Keep in mind that 1/10 carat is VERY tiny!I still like this necklace even though it's tinier than what I thought. It's very pretty and the diamond still sparkles.My one negative comment is that the tiny clasp makes the necklace difficult to put on. <end>  Get what you pay for  Teeny Tiny, with one of those chains that is so thin that it gets tied up in knots if you so much as look at it.I returned it.Mairead <end>  princess-dut diamond pendant  Very cute little necklace. Diamond is very small and a little on the dark side, but it is a J-K color, so is expected. Chain is very fragile looking but hasn't broken yet. Very dainty and feminine, will go well paired up with another small necklace. Love it and is just as pictured. Would def recommend. <end>
 B000IKP232  Pugster 925 Sterling Silver We Love Mom Pendant Necklace Gifts For Mother ||	  Absolutely gorgeous!  When I got this and opened the box, I thought it was beautiful. But then after putting it on...it is even more stunning! I love it, and now I wish I had bought one for myself! (I'm giving this to my mom who loves necklaces!) This is very unique--I've never seen a necklace like this sold in stores. <end>
 B000IKYBKW  Sterling Silver 7" 7.5" 8" Length Adjustable Bracelet Made with Swarovski Elements 8mm Cultured Freshwater Nugget Pearl and Round Black Onyx Gemstone ||	  Great gift  I think that this is actually a very decent bracelet and for the price more than a great buy. This makes a very good gift. <end>  Beautiful  It was nice to find a bracelet that was adjustable to my wrist. It is very delicate which was what I loved about it. <end>  bracelet  A nice bracelet and glad to have. Glad to find an 8" bracelet. Thank you <end>  Daughter very happy  Bracelet is attractive and of good quality. Appears to be well made. It made my daughter very happy to receive it. <end>  Great Bargain!  This beautiful bracelet is a great deal. It is high quality and looks way more expensive than it is. My wife loves it! <end>
 B000IKYDXC  Sterling Silver 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements Cultured Freshwater Nugget Pearl and Onyx Gemstone ||	  Onyx Fresh Water Nugget Pearl Earrings  I also purchased the matching necklace, very pretty and a good value for the money. I have seen these in retails store at a higher price. <end>  Trash  The photo of the pearls is totally misleading.Kind of round on one side and flat, knarly and dull on the other.Would be an embarassment to wear. <end>  Totally cute  These earring are great. They can be dressed up or down. They go with everything. <end>
 B000IKYGMK  Sterling Silver 16" to 24" Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements 8mm Cultured Freshwater Pearl and Onyx Gemstones ||	  Beautiful Necklace  I purchased this necklace as a gift for my Mother (who is very picky about the jewelry she wears) and she absolutely LOVES it and wears it all the time! The service and fast shipping from Gem Avenue was fabulous! <end>
 B000IL083U  Sterling Silver 16" to 24" Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements 8mm Cultured Freshwater Pearl and Onyx Gemstones ||	  Beautiful Necklace  I purchased this necklace as a gift for my Mother (who is very picky about the jewelry she wears) and she absolutely LOVES it and wears it all the time! The service and fast shipping from Gem Avenue was fabulous! <end>
 B000INDCWM  Pugster Turquoise Heart Fashion Jewelry Bests $30 Murano Glass Pendant Necklace & ||	  Met My Expectations  Overall I was satisfied with this purchase. The necklace looks as it is portrayed in its image and description. My only issue with the product was that some of the stones and pearls were loosely attached to the chain and fell off when the necklace was removed from the box. While this is an easy fix (no tools required), I would advise customers to check the necklace for this and make sure it is all in one piece as soon as it arrives, especially if it is intended to be a gift. <end>
 B000IQ7P9U  Flower Cluster Necklace with Pink and White Freshwater Cultured Pearls (5-9mm), 18" ||	  Great Gift  I purchased this as a gift. I was surprised at the great quality of the necklace and the pearls themselves. It is a sophisticated, yet fun necklace that a woman could wear for almost any setting. I highly recommend it. <end>  Beautiful  This was a gift for my mother-in-law. She loves it. I found it to be a great value, as a gift for someone who doesn't wear costume jewelry. These are real pearls! <end>
 B000IQ7PGI  Pastel Freshwater Cultured Pearl Hoop Earrings with Sterling Silver Hooks ||	  Gorgeous  The earrings aren't too heavy, and they're very original with very good quality. Great buy! <end>  Nice for sensitive ears.  I have sensitive skin, and alloy allergies, and have had no problem with these beautiful earrings. Fairly light also, which is a plus. <end>  Lovely pair of earrings  I bought these for myself and I am very pleased with them. Good craftsmanship, nicely shaped pearls. Eye-catching and fashionable. Highly recommended for the price! <end>
 B000IQ9JTE  Peridot Stretch Bracelet with White Freshwater Cultured Pearls ||	  not good  I had to return this one. The picture looks much nicer, but the actual bracelet looks very dull. It is too tight. <end>  As good as I thought it would be. . .  I see other reviews saying the bracelet isn't good. It fit me fine, and was about as nice as you can expect for jewelry at this price level. It was actually probably nicer than I expected. Overall a good piece. I've work it to work and had many people comment on how nice it was. <end>  not like the picture  When I ordered this I was really excited to get it because the picture is so beautful. when I got it I was really disapointed, the translusent delicate quality it has in the picture is an illution, it looks chunky and ugly in real life <end>  UGLY Bracelet  When I looked at the bracelet on line it looked much better that what I received. pearls and that kind of stretch bracelet do not work well together at all. I gave it away <end>  Casual elegance  I love this bracelet! The peridots are beautiful in color and clarity and the pearls are very lustrous. This bracelet is great for evening wear or perfect for jeans and a t-shirt, it's so versatile! I definitely recommend this piece to anyone looking for pearls/peridots and/or something unique! <end>
 B000IS4HIA  10k White Gold Diamond Flower Tennis Bracelet (1/2 cttw) ||	  This is for a child.  The description says that the length of this bracelet is 7 inches when in reality it is barely 6. That extra inch makes a huge difference as the bracelet will not fit an adult or even a teenager. Save your money and look elsewhere. <end>  beautiful!  my husband got it for me, its really nice, only problem is the clasp is a little hard to do your self...but its really a nice bracelet! <end>
 B000ITWSZS  Journey Diamond Jewelry! 14k Yellow-gold 1CTTW Polished Pendant-necklace ||	  My wife is delighted  When her gift arrived she was upstairs on her computer. I called for her to come down and see if she could locate the new decoration I put on the Xmas tree. I then went upstairs and let her search on her own. Soon I heard a squeal-of-delight coming from the living room. So, I was pleased if she was pleased and her reaction was worth 5 Stars! <end>
 B000IUOAZI  14kt Gold Polished Butterfly Screwback Earrings ||	  Screwback - lost  I purchased these earings because my 4-year old daughter keeps losing earings. I understood that the "screwbacks" would not come lose. Unfortunatley this was not the case. They didn't last a week. <end>
 B000IV8Y4A  Sardelli - 14kt Polished White Gold Cross Post Earrings ||	  Uncomfortable and Pokey  These earrings are beautiful in the box. But on the ears, they are uncomfortable to wear and are very pokey. The gold is also rather thin so sometimes the cross would bend and be even more uncomfortable to wear. I do not recommend this design unless you would like to be poked. <end>
 B000IWOSR6  .50 Ct. T.W. Bezel-Set Diamond Necklace In 14kt Italian White Gold. 16&quot; ||	  Diamonds By The Yard  Beautiful! I always wanted Tiffany Diamonds By the yard, but that costs WAY more than my budget allows. This necklace from Ross-Simmons is a wonderful look alike. It is white gold, 20" with 7 bezel set diamonds. I love it and I have not taken it off since the day I got it! Don't hesitate, don't shop around, buy this one, it is perfect! <end>  5 Stars Too  I agree with Traci  the diamonds-by-the yard necklace is lovely. The diamonds are white and sparkly  like little stars draped around your neck. The price is wonderful as well. For anyone who has wanted diamonds-by-the yard, like I have for a long time, why wait when you can get them for such a reasonable price? Ross-Simons continues to impress me! I ordered the piece on Monday and it's around my neck as I type this review.  o)A Canadian Shopper pleased once again. <end>
 B000IWP88O  Bezel-Set Multi-Gem Necklace In 14kt Yellow Gold. 16&quot; ||	  somewhat satisfied  This necklace was a lot smaller than expected for the price paid. Will not make any other jewelry purchases. <end>
 B000IXBA26  Round Cut White Cz Rosette Style Bracelet Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very Satisfied  I bought this bracelet for my 22 year-old niece. It arrived in a timely manner and I was very pleased with the quality of the merchandise. I believe it was an excellent value for the price. My niece loved it. <end>
 B000IXKZGI  14kt Gold Polished Horse Head Post Earrings ||	  so cute  i just love these earings. they go with just about anything. they are not too big and not too small. the style will look good on anyone. <end>
 B000IY8CUS  Pugster Crown Detailed Crystal April Birthstone Clear Swarovski Heart Gift Pendant Necklace ||	  Pugster heart pendant  This is the perfect first jewelry giftfor a little girl. The right size andstyle, sturdy and well made yet delicate. <end>
 B000IZEJUE  Classic Black Silk Knot Log Cufflinks With Velour Pouch by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice  Nice cufflink, Fashion and Casual cufflinkComfortable. Good quality alsoNice cufflink, Fashion and Casual cufflinkComfortable. Good quality also <end>
 B000IZEJV8  Rectangular Black Enamel Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice quality and service  The service and price were fantastic! They arrived on time and looked great with my suit. I highly recommend buying from this vendor. <end>
 B000IZSI06  14K White Gold 1/4 ct. Diamond "Journey of Love" Stick Pendant with Chain ||	  beatiful and perfect  I bought it and is really beautiful.It is really elegant and beautiful,it blinks and the metal is elegant too and nice.I suggest you to buy it.It seems I bought the last one <end>
 B000IZTDXW  Sardelli - 14kt White Gold Puffed Heart Dangle Earrings ||	  False expectation  The earrings looked great online, but when I received them they were not what I expected. <end>
 B000IZZ2AU  Sterling Silver Open Petal Flower Pendant, 18" ||	  Open Petal Flower Pendant  I purchased the Open Petal Flower Pendant three months ago. The pendant looks bigger than it appears in the photo. However, it is very well made. I am very pleased with the purchase. The pendant is very polished and detailed. It looks like a beautiful cherry blossom in the spring. I have received many compliments. Although the chain may look too delicate, I have had no problem at all with the chain. <end>  Beautiful Pendant  I purchased this for my daughter and she loved it!!! It looks great. Add some double oval earrings to compliment the pendant and it is perfect. I did not give it 5 stars because the chain is too thin and delicate. My daughter put the pendant on a different chain and it looks much better. <end>  lovely  Pendant is very large and shiny, quite nice. Chain is wrong, much too delicate for item, but nice. <end>  Love it!  I love the necklace. I think it would have been nicer with a longer chain. I still really liked it. Rachel <end>  Nice for the money.  Chain is a little too delicate, but the pendant is much nicer than I thought it would be. Wife likes it, so I give it 5 stars. <end>  Think twice  I found the pendant to be too large the for delicate chain it hangs from, and the pendant is flat and thin. I will be returning it. <end>
 B000J02GTY  Sterling Silver Circle Flowers Brooch ||	  Fooled by the Size  This was an attractive pin and lived up to its description, except how small it was. Yes, it is my fault I did not pay closer attention to the size of the pin, but be aware it is tiny. Maybe the size of a quarter. This small size will not work for my intended use so needless to say I am returning it. <end>
 B000J02GXA  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Hoop Earrings ||	  Great buy  I love the earrings. It came in a velvet bag and a box, there were instructions on how to keep earings from becoming scratched. The earrings themselves are very pretty. they are lightweight and do not pull on ear lobe. The look like solid gold even though they are gold overlay on silver. I would recommend these earrings to anyone wanting hoops. Theses area great buy. <end>  Large Gold Hoop Earrings  I wanted a pair of LARGE gold hoop earring but didn't want to pay hundreds of dollars. When these arrived I couldn't have been happier. They are large & really catch the light. They are what I would call diamond cut so they are very pretty. Nice quality I THINK. <end>  Just beautiful!  When I recieved these earrings they were packaged great.I couldn't believe how gorgeous they were in person!The hoops are not too huge or not too small.Great price, excellent customer service, fast shipping.....you can't go wrong shopping here! <end>  One of the Worst pair of earings that I have ever purchased  They looked breathtaking, however, the earings turned my ears black! <end>
 B000J02GXU  Sterling Silver and 14k Gold Blue Topaz Ring, Size 8 ||	  It's a nice ring but doesn't look like the picture  First off, it's a light blue or light turquoise stone, not a bright blue stone like in the picture so I was kind of disappointed. Pretty, but not what you see in the image. Secondly, there is very little color contrast between the gold-toned side pieces and the rest of the ring in silver. Being that the ring is much smaller than what you see in the picture, the gold really doesn't show up much. So in essence, it looks like a silver ring, not two-tone.That being said, it's a nice ring. Well-made and pretty and true to size. I have been wearing it fairly often. <end>  Really Nice Ring  I am very pleasantly surprised by this purchase. The ring looks even better in person. It is well made and the topaz stone is a beautiful color. I highly recommend. I am planning to buy another for a friend- I am so happy with the one I purchased for myself! <end>  Big bang for your buck!  The ring is really pretty and is sized exactly as stated. You get a lot for your money when you purchase this ring. Nobody will mistake it for a David Yurman, but so what. <end>  My daughter's first birthstone ring  I am impressed with this ring. It is made very well and is solid. The stone is vibrant and is cut nice. This was a Christmas gift for my 8 year old daughter who also shares her birthday with Christmas. She was thrilled because not only is it pretty but it is "real". She says it is also very comfortable to wear. The stone is level with the setting and therefore does not catch on anything. <end>  So pretty!  I just received this after reading all the positive reviews, and I could not be happier! It's just so pretty, the blue is like a turquoise-water blue, it really pops out on your hand. It does sort of remind me of a David Yurman type ring with the scroll around it. I'm very happy with the quality, and for this price, you honestly cannot go wrong. <end>  Color not deep  Got this ring today. The color is NOT the deep blue shown. More of a very light blue and the cut on the stone does not show it to its best advantage. You see a large flat area at the center of the stone so there is very little "sparkle" and "fire". The setting is nice but the lack of a deep blue colored, well cut stone keeps this ring from being a 5. <end>  Nice, petite little ring  I bought this ring on sale, so for the price I paid for genuine blue topaz and sterling sliver, it is a excellent deal!!! The blue color of the stone is lighter than the picture and the gold area is small, but it's a keeper. I am very satisifed with my purchase. <end>  it's not deep blue showed in the picture. returned it, having not received refund after 40 days  it's my first return, but it went bad. No refund after 40 days. The topaz is light blue, not deep blue, very disappointed. <end>
 B000J03NLE  Freshwater Cultured Pearl, Citrine, Peridot and Amethyst Bracelet, 7.5" ||	  First in a series of gifts  I got this for my wife on Valentine's Day. She loved it so much, I ended up giving her5 Pair Set Dyed Multicolor Pastel 8-8.5mm Freshwater Cultured Pearl Earringsfor Mother's Day andFreshwater Cultured Pearl, Citrine, Peridot & Amethyst Necklace, 18"for our anniversary in July. It's colorful, unique and complements a lot of her favorite clothes. <end>  Where's the color?  Bought this as a gift for my boss and was I disappointed. She wears a lot of the colors in the picture and thought this would be a perfect compliment.Was I ever wrong..this bracelet has no color it looks all white except for the few and far between amethyst and peridot. You can't even tell there is citrine. <end>  For Petite Girls Only  This is a lovely bracelet and good value but too small for my niece who is medium build but tall. The size of the bracelet is too small for many women. <end>  Oh How I Wanted to Love This Bracelet!  I loved this bracelet in the picture but when I received it, it was disappointing. The colors were more bland than they appear here, and the clasp is difficult to use. I sent it back. <end>  A little disappointed  I was so excited to get this for my mom. I was sure it would be perfect for her, but when it arrived I was shocked at just how small the pearls really were. The picture is "life sized." It's nice, but don't expect too much. <end>  Ultimately perfect  Very pretty and delicate. Looks pretty on tanned or darker skin. Only minor drawback, a little difficult to close the clasp on your wrist by yourself. <end>
 B000J09E30  14 KT Yellow Gold 9 X 7 MM Mystic Fire Topaz 14K Stud Post Earrings ||	  backs would not stay on  The backs of the earrings would not stay on. I had to purchase different ones. <end>
 B000J0FP4M  Marcasite Big Pear Shape Blue Agate And Garnet Pendant - JewelryWeb ||	  Unique piece  This cameo is just beautiful. Wish I wore it more often, it is really for a special occassion, a show piece. Exactly like the picture, beautiful and different. <end>
 B000J0HPAY  Blue Butterfly Enamel Childrens Screwback Earrrings - JewelryWeb ||	  cute but appropriate for infants only  We liked the ear rings very cute but way to short a post for a 2 year old It would probably be ok for an infant. <end>
 B000J0PSZ8  Chinese embroidered brocade fabric snap pouch - set of 3 assorted colors ||	  Chinese coin purses  I viewed these products, but did not submit an order. Imagine my surprise when I received a package about 6 months later??? I kept the purses for gifts. <end>
 B000J0XRRY  Classic Victorian Dress, Burgundy Jewelry Stand ||	  Absolutely GORGEOUS!  The pictures did not do this stand justice! When I opened the box I was pleasently surprised by so many extra details you can't see in the photo! It is beautiful. So worth the money!The seller does say that there is a short processing period so, if it's going to be a gift like mine was, make sure you order early enough to get it on time! <end>
 B000J17TKO  10k White Gold Diamond Heart Shaped Pendant (.02 cttw, G-I Color, I3 Clarity) ||	  not worth the $  This necklace is nothing like it states on the website. The necklace has already broke and the diamond looks so fake it's sad. <end>  Just OK  This pendant was pretty, but small as other reviews have stated. I'm fairly certain I could have gotten it cheaper at a retail store. Chain is very thin. My son purchased it for his "girlfriend" (they are both middle schoolers) so it was fine for that purpose, but I'm not sure it was a great value. As I said, just OK. <end>  Good Deal  I wasn't really planning on buying this but when I added it to my shopping cart, the price was about 15 dollars cheaper! So I decided that the price was right. It comes in a plain, dark blue velvet box and with an extra box for gift wrapping if necessary. The pendant is quite small and dainty. If you don't know diamonds, this one is tiny and looks more like glass. I recommend this necklace as a "just because" gift and not a birthday, anniversary, Xmas, Valentines, etc. gift. It is a very basic necklace that is a great alternative to flowers! ;) <end>  little but nice  The item is really small!!In the photo it look sooo big, that I was a little bit dissapointed at first when I saw it... but after some time... I really like it on my girlfriend. It's a nice gift, and for the price is a good buy! <end>  Inaccurate size description  The length stated in the product description is 1.0", however it is only .5" length and .5" width. It is very small. But I need it for a Christmas gift, so I'll keep it. <end>
 B000J1D9U8  14k Yellow Gold Triple Oval Dangle Earrings ||	  What A Buy!!!  Beautiful earrings that will give you years of pleasurable wear. I can't have enough earrings in my wardrobe. A definite must have. <end>  Fabulous!  This is a great price for 14 karat gold and I think the ovals are a nice alternative to hoop earrings. It's not noted, but these hang down about 2 inches. They look a little bigger in the picture, but they are also a lot nicer in person. <end>  lovely to look at, comfortable to wear  The picture wasn't worth a thousand words. These earrings were nicer than I expected and my wife tells me they are exceptionally light for their size and both comfortable and fun to wear. Highly recommended and a very successful Mother's Day gift. <end>
 B000J1MPBM  Febuary Amethyst Color Boy Child Baby Birthstone Italian Charm ||	  Beautiful charm  This charm is so cute. My 5 year old son loves to make his Christmas presents so he chose an Italian charm bracelet for his Memaw for Christmas. This charm looks awesome with the other ones he picked out. It even arrived 2 days faster than expected! <end>
 B000J1MPBW  April Diamond Color Boy Child Baby Birthstone Italian Charm ||	  Perfect  Great, high quality charm. Perfect fit and nice brilliant stone. Item arrived very quickly and well packaged. Great holiday gift without breaking the bank <end>
 B000J2IYC0  14k White Gold Diamond Circle Pendant Necklace ||	  How many carats?  The item description does not include the total carat weight for this necklace, and important factor with this kind of product. <end>  this is really one of the best values on Amazon!  I just put this beautiful circle on my wish list. Hubbie, are you paying attention? ;-) <end>
 B000J2KWWK  Sterilng Silver Purple & Clear CZ Ring ||	  Very cute  I bought this ring and I am very happy with it. It is very pretty and you will not be disappointed. I am a very picky individual and if I am happy with something, trust me on it. <end>
 B000J2KY1E  Silver .36 ctw Cubic Zirconia Bridal Ring Size 6 ||	  great  this ring is so sweet the person who got it for they gift was so pleased wit my purchase am happy <end>
 B000J2KY6Y  Gorgeous Vermeil (Gold over Silver) Ring with Rich Red CZ and Simulated Diamond CZ Side Stones ||	  nice red ring  I bought this ring for my 88 yr. old mother for Christmas. It is a lovely ring and the fit is true to size. She really likes it too. The red stone is a deep red. I am hoping that since it is gold over silver that it will not tarnish. Nice ring! <end>
 B000J2KYAA  Sterling Silver Marilyn Monroe Inspired CZ Baguette Eternity Band Ring ||	  Lost stone  I would not recommend this ring. The very first time I wore it out one of the stones fell out. Very disappointing. <end>
 B000J2L4PE  Genuine Green Turquoise Chip Stretch Ring ||	  Unwearable!  The stones on this ring are too big to wear comfortably as a ring. I bought several in different colors and wish I hadn't. Maybe the stones could be re-strung as a bracelet or necklace? <end>  nice ring  I really like this ring the stones are very pretty and look Genuine but this is not a good ring to wear if you are going to be cleaning or anything like that is a great ring if you are going out to dinner or a movie. <end>
 B000J2M2WS  Sterling Silver Peridot Ring ||	  Great ring  This ring was everything I expected and more. The stone is a beautiful color, and the ring itself feels solid not cheap. It looks great on my hand. I love the style. The picture does not do it justice. <end>
 B000J2M4KI  Sterling Silver CZ Antique Eternity Ring ||	  eternity ring  The customer service with this company was fantastic, and I am very happy with my purchase. I have to admit, though, it looked a little more antiqued online in the photo, and I'd have preferred that appearance. That said, I wear this ring every day and have received numerous compliments! <end>  Perfect little ring  Perfect ring to go with my white gold antique diamond engagement ring. Looks and feels like the real thing. Not for bold, bling lovers. <end>  i just love this little ring !  I love this little ring -- i stack it with a white gold/real diamond ring and it looks fantastic! it looks vintage even though it is brand new'''fantastic price for this beauty!! <end>  Very pretty ring...love it!  This ring is everything I expected it to be. It is shiny, delicate and vintage(y) looking!! I took away a star b/c hey...nothing is perfect! So ladies, this one is a keeper! Awesome ring!! <end>  Smaller than I thought  I fell in love with this ring as soon as I saw it, so I ordered it. I was surprised to see how small it was. I know they make pictures bigger to show detail, but this is a lot smaller than I thought it would be. However it's a really nice ring, and a really great price. <end>  Beautiful ring and a great value  We purchased this ring as my wedding band because I needed a sturdy ring that would match my unique engagement ring without overpowering it or detracting from it. This ring is absolutely gorgeous. It does not look cheap or tacky or fake or any of the concerns one might can have with badly made CZ jewelry. In fact, this ring looks like extremely expensive bands that I've looked at in famous name brand jewelers. If you're looking for a quality band with a little pizzazz, this is a great ring for that. It does arrive shinier than in the picture...it's definitely not antiqued at all. I'm so very happy with this purchase and you will be too! <end>  Antique/Vintage style eternity band  The picture doesn't begin to do this justice. The ring is so pretty in person and I love it. I have short-stubby fingers and this ring even looks good on me! Great ring and a great value! I love it! <end>  Shines good but kind of uncomfortable  This ring is really thin, perfect for small hands like mine. The workmanship of this ring is so-so, but it's so small that it doesn't matter(you really have to look real close to see it). It is a good ring to wear during the day, it has a "feel" to it like when you are wearing platinum, but it's borderline discomfort that I have to take it off during night time so i can go to sleep. It shines alot. I told my boyfriend I wont mind this being my wedding band in the future. (it's a promise ring for now.. haha). <end>  Pretty ring  This ring is very pretty, though, it looks like less of an antique in person. It's not oxidized (dark) around the stones like it looks in the picture.The ring is fairly thick and the stone settings are very ridged. I found it uncomfortable to wear, the texture irritated my other fingers. Had to send it back. <end>  Beutiful vintange but bulky  I LOVE the looks and shine of this eternity vintage ring!! I found it a little too bulky is best to order a biger size because if u order your size it will bother your other fingers if ur always gonna have it in a middle finger. But thats just me, i like thin rings.Thats why i did no give 4 stars. <end>
 B000J2MAN4  Genuine Denim Lapis Chip Stretch Ring ||	  Beautiful lapis!  Lapis lazuli is a beautiful stone that has been mined by man since prehistoric times. Indeed, in ancient Mesopotamia, it was considered the queen of gemstones, and was highly sought after for jewelry. Now is your opportunity to own a piece of lapis jewelry for yourself!This handsome ring is made of numerous lapis chips, strung along an elastic string. Its beautiful blue color looks excellent with formal, semi-formal, and even informal outfits. Plus, the less you are wearing, the more important jewelry is, and this bracelet always looks great. I love this bracelet, and highly recommend it!(Review of Genuine Denim Lapis Chip Stretch Ring) <end>
 B000J2O5LY  Sterling Silver Pear Shape Blue Topz Ring ||	  I love this ring!  I love this ring! It is the best! Incredible value, impressive beauty, and thorough construction. I wear it all the time and it is holding up very well. <end>
 B000J2O654  Silver Champagne Citrine Simulated Diamond Ring size 10 ||	  a little disappointed  I ordered this to wear when my wedding ring is at the jeweler or when I'm on vacation and I don't want to lose my real ring. It is really lovely, but extremely huge on my petite hands (size 5), so it is very noticeable and fake looking. Also, one of the border "diamonds" fell out the first time I wore it. I'm not too worried about sending it back. It was inexpensive and I got it with a gift card. My daughter loves wearing it, so I'll just give it to her. Bottom line is, you get what you pay for. It really is lovely and would probably look better on someone with larger hands. <end>
 B000J2O74E  Filigree Square Champagne Citrine Silver Ring Size 10 ||	  Amazing Ring.  This ring is absolutely beautiful!! The stones sparkle and are very clear. The Filigree is amazing and the champagne stones are delicate and beautifully colored. Over all, this ring was definitely worth the money. There is no silver stamp on the inside of the ring or any kind of carat stamp. Wish I could put a picture on here to show everyone how wonderful this ring looks. <end>
 B000J2PZNQ  Sterling Silver Black Simulated CZ Ring Size 10 ||	  Beautiful! Many compliments!  Hello,I bought this ring to match a thumb ring and pendant I had purchase- and it is beautiful! It's casual enough to wear to work without looking gawdy but is also elegant enough to wear out on a date or something a bit more formal- perfect! My only concern for this ring is that the big stone seems to wiggle a bit, but after a few months of wearing it, it hasn't fallen out or anything so I guess it's not a big deal. Oh! Don't forget to polish this silver. After about two months of wearing, I can see the tarnishing  / but a few minutes in some baking soda shined it back up. Hope this helps!Smiles,Kimberly <end>
 B000J2Q08U  Sterling Silver & Carnelian Oval Stone Braided Ring ||	  Nice  Very nice ring. Got it as a gift, Hope she likes it.Will you please offerit in malachite? <end>
 B000J2Q09Y  Sterling Silver Genuine Blue Topaz ring Size 10 ||	  Sweet but...  This ring is a pretty little ring but disappointing. The style is gorgeous and simple. However, the blue topaz is so fair it hardly qualifies as "blue." Indeed, I don't yet own a white topaz ring and this could pass for one. Also, the stone is terribly tiny. I knew it would be small but I expected it to at least show up a little more. Still, when I just want something simple with clean lines that can go with anything, I will likely wear this ring as often as other "any day" rings. <end>  ring  It is a cute ring, but s small, not much about it - not crazy about it - never wore it. Gave it to my niece. You get what you paid for on this one. Sorry. <end>  Somewhat Disatisfied  When I viewed this particular ring it looked really nice and small & somewhat what I was looking for I am just in question on why the stone seems to be so cloudy? I use high quality jewerly cleaner & it still comes out looking dull. I realize the stone is very small & delicate but am not too impressed by the quality. <end>
 B000J2Q0MG  Silver prong Oval Aqumarine DIAMOND Ring S10 ||	  CJ  This product has really good looking stones, the band is bad. I sent the first one back after 3-1/2 wks it was turning. The second one is just as bad. I am going to try & have a band make to put the stones in. <end>
 B000J2Q0TO  Silver rectangle PINK CZ CELEBRITY RING Size 10 ||	  Beautiful Ring  This is a beautiful ring. The pink coloring is gorgeous. It's not as deep as the photo, but it is still a beautiful pink. In fact I like it better than the photo. Excellent sparkle! Very comfortable to wear. Stands out nicely without being too much. It does have a base metal under the sterling silver, so it can not be sized, so make sure to order a larger size if necessary. The sterling silver is beautiful. A nice classy piece of jewelry. <end>  Beautiful design.......but  This is a solid.beautiful ring. But if you are expecting the color in rhe picture you will be disappointed. It is barely pink at all. When I first saw it I thought it was lavendar. It's still pretty but buy for design not color. <end>
 B000J2Q1AC  Silver Flower Red Enamel Simulated Diamond Ring S10 ||	  Red Enamel Ring  This sterling silver red enamel ring is cute with the little CZ flowers. It looks nice on the middle finger also. <end>  Awesome ring  I am very happy with my purchase and it was delivered promptly and as promised. <end>
 B000J2Q1LQ  WOW* 6 Stackable Silver Square Ring Size 6 ||	  Fun set!  These are a fun set of rings to wear. I've never worn this many rings at one time. They're very attractive as they have little cut out heart shapes on each. Sometimes 2 or 3 of the rings will twist/turn on your fingser but this just makes it all the more fun to wear as it makes the entire look unique. I love these rings! <end>
 B000J34DRE  CZ WEDDING RINGS - 2 CT Antique Style Pave CZ Wedding Set ||	  Like It  It took longer to get to me them I thought it would, but when it finally arrived I was excited. Unfortunately for me it didn't exactly look like I had thought it would. The bans are thicker then I thought they would be and the diamond is slightly smaller that I thought it would be also. To top it off, the diamond is loose and I can spin it in it's setting, so I'm a little worried about it falling out and losing it.Despite all that, it is an extremely gorgeous ring and I love wearing it. I'll just have to be carefully with the diamond. <end>  Love This Ring  I do love this ring and I wear it all the time. I bought it to wear when my husband and I go on vacation so I don't have to worry about losing my real ring. The stone is already lose but it is a $50 ring and not a $5000 ring. Almost every time I leave the house I get a compliment on this ring. My mom cannot tell the different between this ring and my real wedding ring. It is a little bulkier then the picture leads one to believe, but it is still a wonderful ring. If anything happens and the stone does fall out, I will probably buy another ring because of how much I love this ring. <end>  It's perfect!  I really love this ring! I like the design alot,classiq & neat.Shipping was super fast since I live in APO address.I would recommend this to anyone!! <end>
 B000J34OB4  SPRING BLOSSOM Gold Over Sterling Silver Filigree Flower Center Link Bracelet 7.5in ||	  Gorgeous!  I've had this for years now and it's in PERFECT condition! It's gotten wet and gone through many temperature and weather changes and still managed to remain in great condition! <end>
 B000J36H3C  18kt Gold Over Sterling Silver U-Shaped Thread Earrings W/ Single Clear Heart CZ ||	  Not very satisfied  I was excited to find these earrings on the website, but when i got them they didn't look nothing like on the image here. Everything's different- the stone, the stone's colour, the style of the chain. Really disappointing. And they are much longer than you'd think. Won't be returning because after paying for shipping i'll only have some couple of bucks left. Not worthy <end>
 B000J38HTE  Sterling Silver Rhodium Plated Filigree Chain Link Bracelet W/ Flower Center 7.5in ||	  Set In Silver  This bracelet makes a bold statement, yet is crafted in such a delicate and feminine design. Gorgeous, I absolutely love it! I purchased an extender and am able to wear it as unique anklet, or a pretty bracelet. I am always complemented on it when I wear it. I would purchase again from skyesterling. <end>
 B000J3A6HK  10K White Gold 1/3 ct. Diamond Cross Pendant with Chain ||	  Diamond cross  The response and quality of service was excellent. The product quality and appearance are very good. <end>
 B000J3FMMY  10K White Gold 1/10 ct. Diamond and 3/8 ct. Pink Tourmaline Cross Pendant with Chain ||	  Love it but smaller than I thought  This was a gift from my husband for Valentine's day. It was very pretty and a wonderful gift but it looked much larger in the picture. My husband went to my wish list and picked this item. It's lovely and I wear it all the time, I just wish it was a bit larger. <end>
 B000J40UI4  14k White Gold Tanzanite Pendant ||	  NOT EVEN WORTH 1 STAR  I AM A REGULAR SHOPPER ON AMAZON AND HAVE NEVER RETURNED AN ITEM.BUT as they say theres always a first time.THE ITEM LOOKS TOTALLY DIFFERENT THEN WHAT IS SHOWN IN THE AD!! THE ITEM IS WORTH $20 IF THAT. I RETURNED ITEM THE NEXT MORNING AFTER RECEIVING IT. I WOULD HAVE BEEN EMBARRESSED TO GIVE THAT AS A GIFT TO ANYONE. <end>
 B000J44K94  Small Stainless Steel Apple Stud Earrings, 3/8 inch high ||	  Good product fast shipping  Nice to find a seller that ships overseas.Good quality, could have been polished a bit better, but what can you expect for this low price. Hard to find Surgical or Stainless steel anywhere outside the US. I thank this seller for being my one stop shopping for my daughter's needs. <end>
 B000J47I34  Small Surgical Steel Footprint Stud Earrings ||	  adorable earrings!!!  These earrings are super cute and of very good quality. I really like them a lot! The other nice thing about these earrings is that the backs stay on really well so I would feel comfortable with letting my 5 yr old wear them as well. <end>
 B000J4DCH0  Sterling Silver small Floating Heart Slide Simulated Aquamarine CZ Pendant ||	  Great necklace for the price.  This was a very pretty necklace. Stones don't look quite as blue as in the picture though. Also the chain was very thin, and fragile. Great buy for the price though. I would buy it again. <end>
 B000J4DDE2  Sterling Silver * APPLE CHARM * Fruit ||	  good  The product was not spherical. I expected a full apple charm but instead it's halved. I still like the charm. <end>
 B000J4DDII  Beautiful! Sterling Silver Genuine Lavender Jade Chinese Motif Pendant ||	  Incorrect Translation  The necklace is very pretty, but there was glue on the charm and it makes it look dirty. Also, the middle character is NOT Chinese for "Peace." It actually means "goodness" or "politeness," which is still a good message. The first and last characters are translated correctly, the middle one is the only one that is wrong. <end>  Beautiful  I purchased this as a gift for my sister and she loved it! I knew from the picture that it would be beautiful but honestly I don't think the picture does it justice! <end>  Lavender Jade Chinese Motif Pendant Review  The description of this product is correct, the pendant is beautiful, the jade is a lovely shade of purple, and the chinese characters stand out very well on the background. I've had a lot of compliments and comments over this necklace. <end>  Very Nice  I got these for my nieces for Christmas. They absolutely loved them. A lot nicer than I was expecting, cool looking piece of jewelry for children/early teenagers. <end>
 B000J4DIKQ  Sterling Silver Three Heart White Cubic Zirconia Pendant ||	  Bad chain  I had the necklace for a couple weeks and the chain broke. It was not a good chain to start with but since I only had it for a couple weeks I didn't expect to have to replace it so soon. The pendant itself is pretty, if you are okay with replacing the chain then its an okay buy! <end>
 B000J4DKLI  Sterling Silver Genuine Blue Topaz Dolphin Pendant ||	  Acceptable for a kid but you do get what you pay for  I realize the item only costs $20. This is why I gave it 4 stars. If I had paid more the rating would be lower. The dolphin is very light and open on the back. The chain is cheap and the stone has very little color. I think the stone was the biggest disappointment because I planned to replace the chain. The dolphin itself has a cute shape. I wish I had seen a picture of the back before buying. I've decided to keep it mainly due to time constraints and I will put a new chain on it. However, I wouldn't order again. I would probably pay more and get a heavier, nicer necklace. But, at $20 my niece can consider it disposable. <end>
 B000J4DKTU  Sterling Silver Etched Flower Oval 4-Way Locket Pendant ||	  Don't waste your money  Beautiful exterior - my daughter was so thrilled to get this for Christmas - but it won't stay closed due to a flimsy closing device. It isn't usable since the locket stays flipped open all of the time now. It was so disappointing - do not waste your money. Take the time to go to a jewelry store where you can actually handle a locket, test its lock, etc. I won't make this mistake again! <end>  had to assemble  This is a beautiful locket. However, when I received mine, it was in 3 pieces. I had to assemble the pieces together at the hinges by inserting included rods through the hinges. I suppose most of thee lockets arrive fully assembled, but mine did not. <end>  No Good!  Don't waste your money! I bought this locket to give to my mother for christmas. It does not stay closed. Just by picking up the locket to put it on it comes undone. I didnt realize this major flaw existed until after I had gone to the trouble of having pictures sized down. That in addition to the fact that it was already so close to christmas I decided to keep the locket and take it to a jeweler to see what could be done. For a fee the jeweler agreed to add a extra closure to the locket. He said he has had ten or so locketscome in recently with the same problem. Buyer beware. I will have to wait a week or so for the locket o be ready and after the extra cost I should have gone with another locket. <end>  Its nice  It is an average size locket in comparison to others on here. It only holds two pictures. It does not come with a clear cover for your pictures. When I bought the locket I thought it held four pictures. I think if your creative with glue it could hold four. I did not have trouble with the clasp as others have. <end>  I heart this locket!  This locket was perfect for what I needed. The one downside was that it was a bit hard to get engraved, otherwise, simply wonderful! <end>  Beautiful! Nice lockets are hard to find and this price was fantastic.  This locket is beautiful! Best price compared to any I'd seen in the stores. I highly recommend it. <end>
 B000J4DKY0  Murano Glass Sterling Silver Bead Multi Color Millefiori Flower Heart Pendant ||	  Not bad  Colors are bright, but the metal bisects the heart and it's very visible and distracting. Not a bad pruchase for the price, and I would most likely buy again. <end>
 B000J4DL58  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Filigree Round Circle Pendant ||	  OK, but too small and not as nice as matching hoop earrings  The pendant would be a lot nicer if it were a bit larger. I just compared the diameter to some coins, and it's smaller than a penny and slightly larger than a dime. <end>
 B000J4DPQS  Silver PINK GRAY CATS EYE 4mm BEADED BABY BRACELET 4 in. ||	  Excellent!  Very good quality. I received my order within a week. This is very sturdy and fits perfectly on my 2 month old. I will buy more... <end>
 B000J4DQO4  Sterling Silver Genuine Blue Topaz Bracelet ||	  Hi  The bracelet is well made but I was soooooooooooooooo disappointed in the light light blue stones...they look almost clear. I am thinking of sending it back. <end>
 B000J4DQTO  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Genuine Diamond accents ||	  unbelievable cheap  I was very disappointed in this product, it looked like something you might get out of a gumball machine. No stones at all and is just thin plastic like silver? Misleading picture, it doesn't look like it at all!! I wouldn't have paid $2.00! I am going to return it right away. What a waste of time and money!! No star if i could!! <end>
 B000J4DRTI  Genuine Multi Colored Genuine Garnet, Citrine, Blue Topaz and Amethyst Silver Tennis Bracelet ||	  multi colored bracelet  it was pretty but I realized I had one similar so I sent it back. The refund was prompt. <end>
 B000J4FAA2  Sardelli - 14k Gold Rose Quartz Flower with Cultured Pearl Post Earrings ||	  earrings  I thought these earrings would be much darker in color. the rose quartz was almost white therefore not showing up against the skin tone very well..they seem to dissappear on the ear. <end>
 B000J4FD7M  .925 Silver *BABY PACIFIER CHARM* Sweet ||	  Not as advertised  Product is not what it says, when you buy a charm you expect to get a whole charm not a cheaply made HALF charm! I was extremely dissapointed in this item, and feel that the seller should show a complete back and front picture of this item so other buyers do not waste their money like I did. <end>  Not worth the price of item or shipping!  Granted, this is cheap, but it's hallow and doesn't have a back. So it's not really great to put on a charm bracelet because it's one sided! I wouldn't order it again or recommend it either, because I paid more in shipping than the actual item. Good thing I bought it for a little girl and not a mom! <end>
 B000J4FDBI  Sterling Silver Denim Lapis Oval Pendant ||	  Much smaller than Anticipated  This is a lovely pendant whoever it is smaller than I thought it would be. Most of Amazon's jewelry has a size comparison. This one did not and as a result I was a bit disappointed. <end>
 B000J4FDBS  * FLOWER CHARM * Heart Silver Enamel ITALY ||	  Sweet little charm  This is a very pretty charm, but as the price indicates it is very small and thin.It works for me, but I think it is more suited as a charm for a child. <end>
 B000J4FDMC  Sterling Silver Aquamarine & Clear CZ Floating Double Heart Necklace ||	  Floating Heart  This necklace was better than I expected. It was beautiful and had a very nice weight to it. Got it as a gift for an older person, but my daughter wanted to see if it came in her birthstone also. Would definitely order it again. Great value for the money! <end>
 B000J4FK48  Sterling Silver Genuine Onyx & Marcasite Diamond Shaped Locket ||	  Nice for the price.  I bought this for my girlfriend and was pleased with the size and quality of the locket. My only complaint? Inside, it has a rather obvious "Made In Thailand" stamp in it. Not the most romantic inscription. <end>  Maravilloso!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Beatiful Pendant  Is really beautiful much better than how look in pictures, I have received to many compliment , my grandchildren love it , because I hide surprises in it like a little piece of M& M , they love it. and me too. <end>
 B000J4FK5M  Sterling Silver Genuine Green Jade Chinese Motif Pendant ||	  exactly as shown  Maybe I missed it when I read the product description, but it DOES come with the silver chain. Based on the title, I thought I was only getting the pendant. <end>
 B000J4FK7A  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Star Pendant ||	  Simply adorable  This was the perfect accessory to my cousin's prom dress, and the service/packaging was quick and neat! <end>
 B000J4FKGQ  Sterling Silver Diamond Cubic Zirconia X and Simulated Aquamarine CZ Heart Pendant ||	  georgeous  this is quite beautiful and worth every penny! looks great dressed up or with jeans! this is one of my favorite pieces!! <end>
 B000J4FMBE  Sterling Silver Double Heart Genuine Ruby Pendant ||	  Sterling Silver Double Heart Genuine Ruby Pendant  Received the product before estimated delivery date, very good quality, was exactly as described, packaged well. I would recommend both this product and this seller to anyone, absolutely zero complaints. <end>
 B000J4FMDW  Sterling Silver High Heel Pump Fancy Shoe Pendant ||	  Better than anticipated  I was worried when I placed the order as to what it would look like. It was much better quality than I even imagined picking it out on line. My friend will be delighted at Christmas time. <end>
 B000J4FMTG  Sterling Silver Genuine Marcasite & Onyx Heart Locket Necklace, 18" ||	  Very nice gift  I received this locket from my husband and absolutely adore it. I own several lockets that have been acquired over the years,but this is most definitely my favorite. The only reason I've given a four star rating is that I felt it needed a sturdier chain. <end>  Locket Review  This is a very unique and beautiful locket. This product was inexpensive, beautiful, and delivered very quickly. Two thumbs up. <end>  Truly a beautiful piece for such a great price!  I put this item on my wishlist for Christmas last year along with these earringsLWES043 Marcasite Black Onyx Sterling Silver Post Back 1.25" Long Dangle Earringsand I'm totally in love with the set.They are a great match. I get so many compliments on this pendant it's ridiculous. Some people complained about the lack of a photo insert to trace but I managed to size one down and get it in there without any problems. If you're looking for a romantic gift that says you spent a lot of time and more money than you actually did on it, go with this pendant. <end>  Beautiful Necklace  I bought this necklace for myself with an Amazon gift card that I received for my birthday. It is beautiful and very good quality. I love it. <end>  Nice looking on the outside...  When I first received the locket in the mail (gift for my girlfriend) I thought it looked beautiful. However, upon opening it, it seems that there isn't much possibility for insertion of a picture. Most lockets have an insert in which one could trace the outline upon a picture to cut it out and fit right inside the locket. This one offers no aid in fitting a picture inside and the bracket on the locket is quite loose. I don't recommend buying it if you plan to put a picture inside. <end>  Thin chain  Very beautiful pendant. Would have given it 5 stars had the chain not been so thin and dainty. It still made for a very nice gift though. <end>  It was a VERY Happy Birthday  Nearly Everything I could have wanted out of giving this locket was delivered. On time... beautiful to look at.... amazing. Chain could have been a little sturdier, but overall a GREAT GIFT. <end>  Good gift  I bought this for my mother in law for Christmas. She loved it. No complaints. Although I did buy a longer chain for the necklace. <end>  Sterling Silver Onyx Marcasite Heart Locket Pendant  This locket is easy to open and well made, the one i received had a small scratch at the bottom of the onyx stone, the stone is glued to the locket, so that's why i gave it 4 stars, but my sister loves it and she likes to wear it on stage when she is wearing black in black, yeah of course (a black broken heart) cool eh? <end>  She Loves It  My lover absolutely loves her locket and wears it all the time. It is beautiful, well made, and reasonably priced. A totally satisfying purchase <end>
 B000J4FMVY  Sterling Silver Genuine Picture Jasper Stone Bali Bead Twisted Border Oval Pendant ||	  Disappointed....  The quality was good, but the stone or the size was not accurate. I was not happy with how small it really was, and the color was like a leopard print. Would not have bought it if I had seen it first. <end>  picture not accurate  nice little pendant but the picture of the stone is not accurate - mine looks more like a leopard pattern. Setting is nice so will keep. <end>
 B000J4FMZK  Serling Silver Genuine Lapis Stone Bali Bead Oval Pendant ||	  loving it  loving it all so far not happy how's about just showing me showing it me so i'll have something to review? <end>
 B000J4FN6S  Vermeil (24kt Gold over Silver) Genuine Diamond Accent and Ruby Stone Flower Pendant ||	  pendant  can't review, as never recieved the pendant, as it was out of stock once I had bought it, although it didn't say so initially. <end>
 B000J4FPEI  Sterling Silver 4mm Simulated Red Coral Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Disappointed  The beads were way too tiny. Not at all what I expected. Had to return it. Did have a good experience returning it. <end>
 B000J4FPMK  Sterling Silver Toe Ring with Channel Set Light Blue CZ ||	  perfect for beach  I can imagine this sparkling around my girlfriends tanned toe in the sun. Too bad its winter. But I will be looking forward to. It should be a pretty sight. <end>
 B000J4FRVE  4-5mm Freshwater Cultured Pearl Baby Bracelet with Sterling silver Clasp ||	  Perfect  I originally bought the 4mm bracelet for my 9 month old, who is very small for her age. I was disappointed when I tried to put it on and it was just barely too small. That being said, the construction of the bracelet was very sturdy and beautiful. I have regifted the bracelet to a new baby in the family and it fit wonderfully. I have since purchased the 5mm bracelet and I am looking forward to having it on my babies arm. <end>  Very pretty, must slip on though  You wouldnt believe the amount of compliments i get on this bracelet!! The ONLY reason i dont give it a perfect score is because the clasp is so tiny and stiff i cant use it, so i have to slip it on over her hand, which works ok for us. <end>  Gift for great granddaughter  My granddaugher really loved this braclet. It fit my newborn great granddaughter. I had a problem finding one that was not too big, and this one fit just fine. I will surely be shopping Amazon.com again for things for my great granddaughter. Thank you Amazon.com. <end>  Precious Baby Shower Gift  I was so pleased with this little shower gift for a co-worker that is expecting a baby girl. Everyone loved it. It was the hit of the party and I can't wait to see her wear it. All little ladies should start out with pearls! <end>  Christmas present  4-5mm Freshwater cultured pearl baby braclet. It was big hit, her mom loved it. She is 10 months old and it fit perfect. <end>  Great bracelet for baby  When I got the bracelet I was surprised to see how well it was packaged I opened it up and couldnt wait to put it on my daughter ,she wore it 3 days straight and it never fell off even though its still a little bit big for her. I love it and so happy I ordered it I will order more colors in the future because they are just that adorable <end>  Beautiful Pearls  These pearls are very nice and I gave them as a gift. I got the 5inch pearls but they measured 4 1/2 inches total with hardware. The pearls alone only measured 4inches. The seller told me they sent the 5inch. The seller did not answer my question about which age baby they would fit though. <end>  Sweet, sweet baby bracelet  This little pearl bracelet is just too sweet. My tiny little granddaughter wore it for Easter Sunday and it just fit her perfectly. It will probably not fit for long because it is very tiny but it was perfect for her little wrist. It is only 4" long so I probably should have bought something that was a bit longer but it was perfect for the occasion and will be a great little keepsake. <end>  very pretty but small  I love the simplicity of this bracelet it is very pretty and good for the price. If you are looking for a bracelet for a newborn this is it. I measured the lenght of my one year old's wrist but the size of this bracelet is too small when I got it. It is sitting in a drawer now. <end>
 B000J4FSBI  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Carnelian stones ||	  Beautiful Bracelet!!!!  The picture does not show the beauty of this bracelet. I've had so many complimetnts when I wear it. For the price, you can't beat it. Great price, great product. The carnelian stones are such a beautiful color. I know, for a fact, that a bracelet of this quality would cost you four times the price at a jewelry store. <end>  Very Pretty but the clasp isn't that secure  I love this bracelet, it is very pretty, but the clasp is not great, Easy to trip it up and it becomes unhinged and it left and i can't find it even after a month.   ( I don't think Amazon would replace it either. So it's just gone. <end>
 B000J4FSN6  Sterling Silver Clear CZ Polished Link Bracelet ||	  The bracelet that simulated the real diamond and white gold too!  Sterling Silver Simulated Diamond CZ BraceletI choosed this bracelet because it looked very nice and elegant. When it arrived I am so surprise with the quality of the jewerly, the sterling looks like white gold and the CZ are fantastic anybody think that it isn't diamond. I recomend this seller for all people who likes a best jewerly with a low price. Congratulations for this seller, all of your items are so beautiful!L&eacute;ia A. PavlovskySo Paulo - Brazil <end>  nice  Its a nice bracelet but unfortunately, the safety-clasps does not work too well. I am certain that if i dont have it changed, it will come off without me knowing. <end>
 B000J4FT80  Silver Bali Beaded Genuine Onyx Stretch Bracelet ||	  BEAUTIFUL  I was impressed when I received this bracelet. It is beautiful and looks genuine. It doesn't look cheap nor feels like plastic. The price is great as well. I have ordered several other pieces from silver speck and I am pleased and will continue to order from them. <end>  Nice Combination  The bali beads and faceted onyx beads are a nice combination and set each other off very nicely. The onyx beads are shiny and the faceting gives them a little sparkle and pizazz. The bracelet looks exactly as pictured. Inside unstretched measurement is six inches. <end>  Nice !!  Although this is a little snug, it still looks very elegant on my wrist. It is well made and looks great with my other onyx pieces. <end>  Great gift  Bought this as a replacement for my mother. The one I bought her a few years ago broke. The bracelet is very durable. Mom had a lot of difficulty, due to health problems, with putting jewlery on. This bracelet was easy for her to put on and very attractive looking. <end>
 B000J4FTCQ  Sterling Silver San Marco Genuine Sapphire and Genuine Diamond Accent Bracelet ||	  The perfect gift.  For what you are paying this bracelet is beautiful. This was my first jewelry item I got from Amazon, and I was not disappointed. The Sapphire stones are dark and sometimes easily mistaken for black stones, but either way the metal is sturdy and I've had this bracelet for the last 2 years. If your looking for a beautiful gift for a loved one, but don't have much to spend this is a perfect gift. <end>  Beautiful bracelet  I was so pleased when I received this in the mail. It was absolutely beautiful with nice weight. It was a gift for a family member, but I think I'll buy one for myself! <end>  Beautiful item!!  Beautiful bracelet!! Fair pricing and excellent service....I am truly enjoying wearing this lovely bracelet and have received numerous compliments on it, thank you! <end>  Sterling Silver San Marco Geunuine Sappgure and Diamond Bracelet  The Sterling Silver San Marco Saphhire bracelet is beautiful. It was a gift for Christmas and the person receiving it absolutely loved it. I sparkles like nothing else and the sapphires are flawless. Absolutely beautiful. I would suggest to anyone to buy this product. The link is also a protective link so it can' fall off. Julie U. <end>  My opinion on the San Marco bracelet  The San Marco bracelet was very pretty and well made. However, I did return it because I thought the sapphire stones looked too black. In fact, the stones didn't look blue at all, even in bright sunlight. <end>  PERFECT  SHE LOVES IT! Bought it expecting the best and that's what i got. Thanks so much I've seen your other products and have some anniversary ideas! <end>  She loves it  This is a beautiful piece of work, my wife is extremely pleased with it.Sterling Silver San Marco Genuine Sapphire and Diamond Bracelet <end>
 B000J4FU2K  Sterling Silver Lab Created Pink Sapphire and Genuine Diamond Acccent Stone Bracelet ||	  A FAKE!  Buyer beware, I've owned this bracelet for a year and a half only to find out the "sterling silver" wears down to something remotely resembling copper. I loved this bracelet up until then. I'm very disappointed that Amazon would represent this company without making sure you get what you pay for. I know it's not the most expensive bracelet out there, but for 38.00 I know I can get better than dime store costume jewelry. <end>  EXCELLENT!  I could not imagine what I would get for $38 nowadays. I took a chance and boy was I greatly surprised!The quality of the stones, the sturdy settings and closure is remarkable at such a price. I do believe this bracelet would be priced WELL over $100 any where else!I have a 6 3/4" wrist. The bracelet is 7" in length and fits perfectly allowing room for movement.(You NEVER want to buy a bracelet, with stones, that hangs too far from the wrist or you risk damaging the stones and possibly knocking them out from the settings.)The design of the bracelet is classic and not overly done. The stones are EXTREMELY well matched and sparkly. They are not teeny and not too HUGE. They are all oval in shape, are a lovely, warm, fuchsia color and flash varying shades in that hue.Nothing bawdy looking about this bracelet. Very rich and elegant looking.Can we worn for dress or every day. The Rhodium coating, which prevents the silver from oxidizing or turning green/black on your wrist, gives the bracelet a 14K gold look. Additionally there are 3 diamond ACCENTS, spaced evenly throughout the setting, to add additonal sparkle. I am sooo pleased!!Thank you for such an excellent buying experience. <end>
 B000J4FUIE  Sterling Silver Genuine Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Amethyst Beaded Bracelet ||	  mediocre  Smaller and less sturdy than I expected. But not too terrible for the price, I guess. <end>
 B000J4FUOI  Genuine Aventurine, Amethyst Crystal, Tiger Eye, Carnelian, Smokey Quartz, and Rose Quartz Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  simple  I think this bracelet might make a good stocking stuffer for a young person interested in such. It is a simple beaded bracelet. Undamaged. <end>  great bracelet!  love this bracelet i wear it everyday its very sturdy and comfortable. i love the differnt color stones i also recieve alot of compliments[= very pleased.. <end>  go to bracelet  Nice quality bracelet with colorful stones (more vibrant in person, especially the carnelian) that can be worn with many different outfits - just slip it on and go. I have purchased from this seller before and would again. <end>
 B000J4FUZ2  Genuine Onyx Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Nice  Very nice bracelet, a wee bit tight, but my wrist is small so it's ok. <end>  Exactly as Pictured  Beads are uniform in color and size. I usually wear it with other bracelets, including the 8mm black onyx,Genuine Onyx Stone 8mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet. <end>
 B000J4FV0G  Genuine 7-8mm Freshwater Cultured Peach Pearl Oval Stretch Bracelet ||	  Very happy with!  I had this shipped to my sister, and she reported she was very happy with it. I saw her wearing it several months later, so it must have held up well  ) <end>
 B000J4FYG2  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Criss Cross Satin and Polished Bangle ||	  LOve it Love it Love it  Great product, east transaction great seller. Would recommend the product to anyone I ware it often and gets tons of compliments on it. <end>
 B000J4FYI0  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) and Sterling Silver Two Tone Triple Thin Bangle Bracelet Set ||	  They are beautiful but...  These bracelets are beautiful and the colors are just perfect. The only problem I have with them is that they are very small. I had to give them to my daughter because they would not fit me and even she said they seemed very snug. I would still recommend they but with caution. <end>
 B000J4FYIA  Teen Boy Genuine Mother of Pearl Stone Chip Shell Crescent Stretch Bracelet One Size Fits All Mens ||	  Very Pretty Iridescent Bracelet  This bracelet is very pretty. The shells have an iridescent quality. Very comfortable on the wrist and much lighter than I expected. I hardly know I'm wearing it. Lots of compliments when I wear it. I wish it came in more colors. It's 3/4 inch wide. <end>
 B000J4FZ0M  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Created White Opal & Diamond Accent Bracelet ||	  Just Because......  My girlfriend loves her bracelet, it shine brilliantly in the sunlight.Good quality, great price... Arrived before estimated time. Will buy fromthis seller again and will recommend to all my friends. <end>
 B000J4FZ9I  Sterling Silver Figaro Link Mens Chain Necklace ||	  Sterling Chain  I know this says it is a man's chain, but it is so beautiful I bought it for myself and it is absolutely stunning. It is very visible and reflects the light beautifully. Ladies if you are looking for a substantial chain to wear w/o a pendant, take a look at this!! <end>
 B000J4GEUM  Silver STAR Shape * CHARM pendant * Cute on bracelet ||	  Star Pendant  These pendants were purchased for gifts. The stars were beautiful and everyone loved them.Service was very prompt and efficient. Talked with them on the phone, very personable and helpful. <end>
 B000J4GFMY  Sterling Silver Marcasite Fairy Tale Shoe Pin ||	  Shoe Brooch  Bought this pin for my mother, she collects Just the Right Shoe. This pin is very detailed in the appearance, as well as it is nicely weighted. Not thin and cheaply made. Would definitely buy again. <end>
 B000J4GFSI  Silver Turquoise Enamel Butterfly Pin ||	  Beautiful Butterfly.  As delicate as a real butterfly, aglow with color. It will alight on a collar or lapel, and bring a breath of springtime to a dreary winter day! <end>
 B000J4GLXC  Sterling Silver Marcasite Purple CZ Locket Pendant ||	  If I had seen it in person, I would not have spent the money...  As the title says, if I had seen this in real life, I absolutely would not have purchased it. I bought it for a Christmas present for my mom and planned on putting my children's pictures in it.I was extremely disappointed when I received it. It opened backwards; the exact opposite of how a locket is expected to open and it hung slightly crocked from the latch. Basically, it looked cheap. Lacking time to return it, I went ahead and gave it as a gift. My mom was perfectly happy with it and wouldn't let me return it. And I'll admit that it is a striking piece of jewelry while being worn and the flaws are not visible.However, it was not worth the money paid. I will not purchase from this retailer again. (Although from the number of positive reviews I read before purchasing, I suppose it is possible that my experience is not indicative of the general company and the quality of their product. Perhaps my experience was rare. Unfortunate, but rare.) <end>  Great Necklace  I received this locket as a gift from my sister and I love it! I wear it at least once a month, it is one of my favorite necklaces to wear to work because I always get compliments. It does, however open backwards (which is a little odd, but not really a problem). The locket does not look perfect, but it still looks very nice, especially when being worn. <end>
 B000J4GM2M  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst and Genuine Marcasite Heart Locket ||	  This is so pretty!  I was so excited when I got this locket and I still am! I LOVE the color purple so the amethysts was a definite thumbs up. The chain is well made so it never broke for me like some necklaces do. If you're looking for a beautiful locket this would get my vote! <end>  very disapointed  This piece is beautiful however it is not well made. I was surprised at the strength of the chain. It is thin but strong. The tiny stones fall out of the setting and are lost very easily and the hinge is very weak. I would not recommend this product despite it's beauty. <end>
 B000J4GOLG  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Genuine Cabochon Garnet Stone Oval Pendant ||	  pretty, but purple  I really like this little pendant, but I certainly expected it to be at least a little reddish, as it seems in the photo. Mine, at least, is a pale purple color with not a hint of red. I definitely like it, but I would have ordered an amethyst if I had wanted purple. <end>  Very Classy!  It is smaller than it appears in the picture but it is very pretty in person. It's simple and classy and goes with everything! <end>  Classic. Eye catching.  I bought this pendant for my teenage daughter. It's a classic beauty. Eye catching without being flashy. We both love it. <end>
 B000J4GRDQ  Sterling Silver 6mm Simulated Pink Coral Stone Bead Beaded Dangle Hook Earrings Stretch Bracelet Necklace 15-19" Jewelry Set ||	  Coral Stone bead earring/necklace/bracelet set  This was purchased as a replacement for two lovely coral necklaces given to me by my husband's mother over 25 yrs ago. Everything was lost when our home burned Feb 2012. These are not the same BUT they are lovely quality. Thank to the Vendor (not listed above) and Amazon. <end>
 B000J4GRRW  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Genuine Diamond Accent and Simulated Pink Opal Heart and Earring Set ||	  Perfect Valentine's Day Gift  I had received this item for valentine's day. I love it the color of the opal is beautiful. I get so many complimants on the necklace.I would defintely recommend this product. <end>
 B000J4GS2Q  Sterling Silver Ying Yang Toe Ring ||	  Every day silver toe ring  A lovely toe ring to wear every day. At work and at play, wear it every day! <end>
 B000J4GU7Y  Sterling Silver Italian Double Link Charm Bracelet 7" 8" ||	  Need to Realize...  While I'm sure that this bracelet is lovely, I would like to let you know that if you have a Piercing Pagoda in your local mall, they sell Italian silver 925 stamped charm bracelets (7-8inches) for less than being charged here. Even with tax the ultimate price of the bracelet is cheaper than purchasing it online and paying shipping. My 7 inch bracelet is well made, hasn't lost any of its shine, and I only payed 19 dollars.I cannot imagine that the quality differs drastically from this product to the one I purchased. It is stamped with "Italy" like the above bracelet, as well as "925" and you also don't have to wait for it to arrive in the mail. <end>  Perfect!  I was so happy with the quality I ordered a second. very nice, feminine, and looks great with charms. my daughters will have these for a very long time. <end>  Love it  Great product, east transaction great seller. Would recommend the product to anyone I ware it often and gets tons of compliments on it. <end>  nice  I bought this for a bracelet in honor of my grandson. I love it and will order again in the future. <end>  good quality  good quality for the &#34;sale&#34; price. the claps is very sturdy. I added a &#34;safety chain&#34; and now i am sure to wear this bracelet for years to come. <end>  Charm bracelet  This bracelet has a nice clasp; says the jeweler. It came faster than I anticipated and it is having 13 charms soldered on it right now. I can hardly wait to wear it. <end>  bulky looking  too big and bulky...made well, but the extra large links make it look cheap and are too big for most charms. the bracelet overpowers the charms because it's so big. <end>  Perfect  Loved the bracelet! It came on time and was exactly what I expected. It is beautiful and well made, perfect for a charm bracelet. <end>  Wonderful!  I was looking for a good bracelet and this one had the best reviews. It is for good reason, it looks great and feels like really good quality. I would by it over again. <end>  BRIGHT, DAINTY CHARM BRACELET  I (a 63-year-old male) just bought this charm bracelet as a gift. It looks more substantial in the photo. This a bright, dainty bracelet. It looks very good, but I'm not really sure that the links are large enough to accept charms. It is exactly 8" in length, counting the connectors (clasps) on each end. It looks very good. I suspect that people with more experience buying jewelry, especially women, will love it. If it is durable, it is a bargain. The only real negative is that the shipping is about twice what it should be  the item is mailed in an envelope. <end>  Looks like junk  Let me give you a hint, I found this same one on the side walk, looking for the owner I looked it up, this thing has a broken clasp and the "shiny silver" people are talking about now looks like a vending machine bracelet. I was surprised to see this thing cost as much as it did because it looks like it came from the dollar store, so if you want a bracelet that you will end up loosing because the clasp breaks, and looks like trash, pick this one. <end>  perfect  this is a very nice bracelet, easy purchase, they have the same sterling silver bracelets in dept stores for way more money, about 5 x's more. would highly recommend <end>  Charm Bracelet  The base for a "life" bracelet being built.Beautiful - color is brilliant, moves freely and sturdy construction. Highly recommend this bracelet. <end>  Exactly as described.  The bracelet is great! It is exactly as described, and a FANTASTIC price for the product! <end>  Charming Bracelet!  It came well wrapped and well protected. Beautiful, shiny, sparkling! Better than described! <end>  really cute  I decided to make a charm bracelet for my self and this is perfect one, it not too big that it over powers the charm, its just th perfect size. It came really fast and well wrapped. It also looks a lot better than the picture, a lot more shiny. Its just so cute and feminine. <end>  Given as gifts..  I bought two and added charms..one Harry Potter themed and one Twilight themed...the college aged nieces LOVED THEM!!!!! <end>  sterling silver bracelet  this product was just what i was looking for..i searched othe places but had to return items because they were either two small or not thick enough, but this one was perfect. <end>  Sterling bracelet  I wanted to start a charm bracelet for my daughter and found this one on-line. I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived as it is a high quality bracelet at a great price! I found similar bracelets in stores around town for double the price. <end>  Not Happy  Purchase these for my daughters, comparing these to the one I purchase for my wife at the local jewelery store (not paying much more than this one) they seem like costume crap, even the feel seems cheap....and so close to xmas it's hard to exchange now..even bought a number of charms for the both of them....I remember getting my kids fake jewelery out of the vending machines that look about the same...sorry but would not buy again...NO WAY <end>  Cute Shinny feminine Love it  Supper cute, feels and looks well made. Already have a few charms hanging and it looks lovely! Thanks for the awesome gift Hubby! <end>
 B000J4GUJM  Sterling Silver 1mm Box Chain Necklace 14" 16" 18" 20" 24" 30" ||	  nice chain  I like the weight of this chain. It's not too flimsy and strong enough to hold the charms /enhancers I wear everyday! <end>  Thin chain but it looks lovely.  I purchased the 24" chain, which came with its own little draw string bag. Despite being so thin this looks very durable. I would buy more from this vendor. <end>  Chain is as strong as its weakest link  Chain refused to stay clasped and finally broke after less than a month. Tried to deal the company but they would not reply. <end>  Very Nice  I liked it a lot. Nice and very good quality. Exactly what I expected. Great price as well. Came packaged beautifully. <end>  Silver Speck & Box Chains... THE BEST!  I always look at what type of chain comes with any pendant I buy. If it's not a box chain, I immediately go to Silver Speck and order a box chain. Box chains always seem to be the strongest and most secure. When it comes to great quality, great deals, and great service for silver, I have never been disappointed by Silver Speck. RE  chains, I can find any kind of chain in any length at Silver Speck for an amazing price. Highly recommended!! <end>  Great product!  I have bought four of these chains and I am elated with all of them. They don't get tangled up in my hair or ride up on the back of my neck. They are very comfortable and light to wear all day long. These chains are great for lockets and other charms fit nicely too. These chains are a great price and seem pretty durable. <end>  Sterling silver box chain  Very dainty yet sturdy sterling silver chain packaged in a handy storage pouch. Quick delivery. Would from this merchant again. <end>  Worked great  It lasted about two weeks & I really liked it, but the clasp broke. I was pleased at first, but ended up a little disappointed. <end>  WRONG ADDRESS  This was shipped to an old address. We've had successful deliveries at our new address, why was it shipped wrong.Our CURRENT address 15619 N.E. Caples Rd. #66,Brush Prairie, WA,98606I don't understand why the wrong address, we've done the address change, and it was scheduled for our new address. Very disappointed customer... <end>  Got it!  I've been wearing it for a while - hope it doesn't change colors on me but so far so good! <end>  silver chains  I ordered these chains because I wanted some 24 in. silver chains. I thought the chains were adjustable which was wrong when I received them. I called the company, and they were very nice. I returned the chains with a $2 check for the difference in cost and received the new order in a timely fashion. I like the new chains, and they are the correct fit. I think it was a little unclear how long the chains were in the picture when I first ordered. <end>  Broke the first time she wore it with her angel pendent  Brought for a four year old as her first piece of jewelry. She jerked it off with one pull and it was a box chain. I am very disappointed, but won't ask for a refund because she jerked it off! <end>
 B000J4GV28  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Bracelet with CZ ||	  Very nice for the price!  I purchased this for my girlfriend as a Valentine's day gift. She was very happy with the quality of the piece,and how the amethyst stones (Her birthstone) matched her other, more expensive jewlery. If you are looking for an inexpensive token of appreciation for you girl, this is a very nice gift. <end>  sparkly  This has a nice, substantial weight. Amethysts pale violet. Fine, but not for a larger wrist. Dressy. <end>
 B000J4GW2M  Sterling Silver Genuine Mother of Pearl Beaded Bracelet ||	  Are you kidding???  Just received this product and will be returning. It is so small it will only fit a child. Not happy at all. <end>
 B000J4GWJU  General Cancer Awareness Lavender Genuine Swarovski Crystal Bracelet ||	  Beautiful bracelet  This bracelet arrived in a very nice cloth bag. I ordered one for each woman in my family in honor of my niece with lymphoma (who is being successfully treated). I have been wearing the bracelet and it fits and looks great. <end>
 B000J4GX2Q  Genuine Freshwater Cultured Gray Pearl 4mm Stretch Bracelet ||	  Flimsy but pretty  These are pretty, but the elastic seems a bit weak and it looks cheap. I wouldn't advise on buying gray, it doesnt really go with anything. <end>  Classy style on a budget  I am really happy with the quality of the pearls. They have an attractive luster, are fairly uniform in shape (mostly round) and look great mixed and matched with the other pearl bracelets I have purchased from Silver Speck. I purchased seven black ones first then added five grey and five white; very pretty. I wonder how long the elastic will hold up but even on the black ones I bought first it is still in good shape. Great accessory and really affordable. <end>  Tiny but cute  These were tiny little pearls but stacking several of the stretch braclets together made a very attractive cuff braclet. <end>
 B000J4GX8A  Genuine Freshwater Cultured Biwa Peach Pearl Stretch Bracelet ||	  Genuine Freshwater Cultured Biwa Peach Pearl Stretch Bracelet  It is a beautiful bracelet for a resonable price <end>  Bracelet  Bought this to go with a necklace I purchased years ago. Matches great. Thanks. <end>  Cute Bracelet  This bracelet showcases the unique appearance of Biwa pearls, which are cultivated in a lake of the same name in Japan. They are irregularly shaped, and these pearls happen to be a pinkish-peachy hue. The bracelet is very cute. <end>
 B000J4GXEY  Simulated Yellow Cats Eye Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  Little big for a six inch wrist.  Didn't say what size when I was looking for s yellow beaded bracelet, just took a chance. It's a little big for a six inch wrist, but it is very pretty. <end>
 B000J4H1AO  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Created White Opal & Diamond Accent Rectangle Link Bracelet ||	  fire opals?  i purchased this because "white opals" was in the description. when I got it, it was more like fire opals, yellow in color so I returned it. I have one like it already. Its okay, sturdy and has no broken or missing stones but I really wanted white opals and silver speck dos'nt carry any. The return went smoothly so all in all I'm satisfied. There were no problems with shipping. The package was not bulky. If you want fire opals this is right for you, if not I would pass <end>
 B000J4H1IG  Sterling Silver Braided Bangle ||	  It is lovely!  I bought this for my granddaughter's birthday, and it is lovely. It fits an average-sized wrist, and is well worth the cost. It is sturdy, not flimsy, and looks as rich as I had in mind. <end>
 B000J4H1MM  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver Diamond Accent S Tennis Bracelet ||	  Produto sem brilho  O produto no tem brilho algum, seja por conta do ouro, seja pelos "brilhantes".Pensei em provocar uma boa reao ao dar o presente, mas confesso a frustrao.Apesar do desconto ser bom, &eacute; como dizem  "voc tem o que voc paga".No recomendo a compra. <end>  Great buy for the money  Love it, great fit, real sparkle!!!!Got the braclet yesterday, it is real nice put it with another diamond gold braclet looks real good. Hope the gold over silver holds up! Will order others from this vendor. <end>  Disappointing  As in another bracelet I ordered from SilverSpeck, the 24k gold over stirling silver is very pale and looks nothing like 24k.The product was received 7 days after the maximum shipping date.Very disappointed. <end>  Returned bracelet!  This bracelet was broken when received. It looked so cheap, not shiny, very dull. This was a special gift from my husband, and he was angry. It didn't look anything like what was published on the Amazon page. We returned it. We are very discouraged with the jewelry from Amazon. <end>  bracklet  Thank you. A little concerned about the safety catch. That didn't click tightly and had to make adjustments. Didn't latch with the bracklet catch. Had to adjust. Otherwise, she likes very much. Just want to ensure it doesn't get lost! Thanks again. <end>  GORGEOUS!!!!!!  I ordered this Tennis bracelet as a gift for my daughter and OMG!!!...I could not believe how gorgeous it is and will never forget the look on my daughters face...Thank you so much! <end>  diamond accent bracelet  This bracelet has become one of my favorites. It is of higher quality than was expected for the price, which was a nice surprise. <end>  Beautiful---but  The braclet was more beautiful than the picture.It fit well.I was given prompt delvery. The only issue I have is (here's the "but") the outer clasp will not stay closed. I need to take it to a jeweler to repair. It is worth the inconvienence, I just wish it wasn't nessisary. <end>  Dissatisfied  This product looked a lot better on the website than it did when viewed or worn on the wrist. It had none of the luster that the photo conveyed. It is a dull reproduction of a much finer piece of jewelry. <end>  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver Diamon Accent S Tennis Bracelet  I like my bracelet it works for me, I wear it everyday to work and it is durable. That is why I buy these types of products not for quality of gold, but the durability. I like to wear good looking gold products without spending a lot of money for them and the product last a long time. <end>  poor workmanship  Silly me, bought this bracelet on face value. Clasp is too loose to stay closed and within weeks one had link snapped, rendering it unable to be worn and too expensive to be soldered in repair. Don't waste your money on a pretty picture. Cheap junk. <end>  lovely deal  a friend and I went together and gave this as a monumental gift for another friend and it brought her to tears. <end>
 B000J4H1Q8  Elegant Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) and Silver Two Tone Simulated Diamond CZ Oval Filigree Bracelet ||	  Beautiful and classy  Very pretty design. Elegant and very expensive looking. I love the attention to small details. Definately a quality piece of jewelry which I hope to enjoy for a long time. <end>
 B000J4H1TK  Sterling Silver Rolo Link Charm Bracelet ||	  Nice charm bracelet  This is a really good bracelet for charms. The interlocking chain was a little thick, but I didn't have too many problems attaching the charms to it. The chain is sturdy enough that I wasn't worried about the charms falling off, while still appearing delicate enough to display the charms without appearing garish. The size was right for the average wrist. Best of all, the price was perfect. Making this purchase certainly didn't break my wallet and I was satisfied with the quality of the metal and overall design. <end>  Don't waste your money  I purchased this bracelet for my daughter. I attempted to put it on her arm and it broke. One of the links just pulled apart and out of shape. It doesn't even have any discernable markings saying that it is silver. Silver usually holds up a bit better than one use. <end>  perfect charm bracelet  This was exactly the bracelet I was looking for to use with a small charm that I had.The price was great ($6.) Delicate, but sturdy. <end>  it's ok  If you're not looking for anything fancy, but just want a charm bracelet, this'll do the job. Probably a better purchase for a child if you aren't looking for anything special. You get what you pay for with this one, the price is cheap, therefore the bracelet is too. <end>  Great product at a great price.  This product was an excellent value coming in a timely manner - it made the perfect last minute gift. <end>
 B000J4H1YA  Genuine Hematite Carnleian, and Reconstituted Turquoise Bead Magentic Healing Anklet/ Bracelet/ Necklace ||	  Not sure...  It's beautiful, but be careful with it, because mine fell apart. Granted, I was playing rough, at the time, but nonetheless, I don't get to wear it any longer. Just be careful. Don't wear it too often, perhaps. <end>
 B000J4H1ZO  Sterling Silver Pink Coral Beaded Necklace ||	  Pink Coral Necklace/Earrings  The product is beautiful and it arrived safely and elegantly packaged. Would do business with this seller again. <end>
 B000J4H2B2  Sterling Silver Red Genuine Sea Bamboo Coral Chip Necklace ||	  Very nice  Bought this necklace, matching earrings and bracelet for my wife. She loves them. Very simple design that look very nice together or seperate with just about any outfit. Natural items like this make unique jewelry that fit just about any occasion. <end>  Nice and inexpensive  Bought this and the earrings to wear with my black clothing. Good price and it looks nice. Casual or dress up use. <end>  down home  Can be worn every day or evening dependiing on what you desire. Try with jeans and tees. to town or even cleaning. lightweight and very good clean color <end>
 B000J4H2Z8  Sterling Silver 8mm Genuine Onyx Stone Bead Beaded Chain 16-19" Necklace ||	  Classic, simple, elegant.  Classic, simple, and elegant. Great for work, versatile in its simplicity. Nice little piece to have. I also got matching earrings. Good deal. <end>  TOTALLY CUTE  This is a great necklace. I gave one as a gift & loved it on my friend so I bought it for myself. <end>
 B000J4H6LS  Sterling Silver Champagne with Simulated Cubic Zirconia border Square Post Earrings ||	  Very Pretty  These earrings are prettier in person. They are comfortable. Wish they were a tad bit larger though. Great value and they have retained their luster and shine. <end>
 B000J4H6NQ  Sterling Silver Genuine Black Swarovski Crystal Drop Earrings ||	  jewelry lover  These earrings look really cute, but they are so light weight that the hook is allways slipping out of my ear and falling on the floor,ground, etc. They need to have some way to make the hook stay in your ear. <end>
 B000J4H6WM  Simulated CZ and Tanzanite CZ Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Painful to wear!!!  "I gave these earrings 2 stars because although they are very beautiful and look expensive, they are difficult to wear. The earrings are incredibly tight on the earlobes. My earlobes are average, so its not a question of having thin earlobes. Granted, they will never fall off, but they are painful to wear. I will try to stretch them a bit, because as I said, they are truly beautiful earrings. " <end>  really nice  really nice and original earrings with beautiful stones . They have more expensive look than the funny 15 euro I paid for them <end>
 B000J4H7LC  Sterling Silver Light Green cubic zirconia mini Filigree Hoop Earrings ||	  Dainty and beautiful  They're very small. Very very small. But so very pretty. The green is just as pictured, very vibrant, and the silver really adds a nice contrast. These are a Christmas gift for my mother and I think she'll love them as well. <end>
 B000J4H7OO  Sterling Silver CZ Fleur de Lis Filigree Earrings ||	  Lovely little earings!  I received these as a Christmas present, and am so pleased with them! They are a lovely, slightly spark-ly earring. They sit lower on the earlobe than I expected (the stud is towards the top). <end>
 B000J4H7X0  Square Dangling Abalone Silver Earrings ||	  Not What I Expected  These earrings are smaller than I expected, although they are actually the exact size of their image on my computer monitor. They are also not quite as pretty as the picture. There must have been some very good lighting for the display pic. I will wear them and enjoy them though. <end>
 B000J4H870  Genuine Rose Quartz Chip Earrings ||	  Pretty  I wanted chipped earrings with just the stones and no fancy design and I finally found it here. I bought rose quartz, smokey quartz and carnelian chipped earrings and they are all worth it. Reasonably priced and good quality. <end>
 B000J4H87A  Hawaiin New Jade Chip Earrings ||	  what color is it?  I bought this earring in about eight different colors. This is a strange one because it claims to be jade and yet my pair has more of a yellow tint to it rather than the lovely pale green that's shown in the picture. It is also smaller than I thought it would be. <end>  I love them  I bought five earrings each a different stone but all chips. I get compliments on them all the time. I needed just a simple earring for manydifferent colors of cloths for work and these are perfect. I just love them <end>  A++  Very well made, beautiful, and very affordable. These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection. I recommend this purchase. <end>  Love the earrings. . . . .  I love the earrings, but the ear wires are garbage. If you get these earrings, it'd be to your benefit to buy/have an extra set of hooks on hand to replace the ones they come with. They were thin, misshapen and had "engraving" on it that made them very rough. Since I am sensitive to all metals except titanium & niobium it was no problem since I have to change them out anyway, but I'd be pretty put out if I was planning on keeping them as is. <end>  Love these earrings!  I get so many complements on these. For what I paid for them, I will be ordering more; and, some I will be purchasing as gifts. This is a wonderful value, and just right for the economy we live in. <end>
 B000J4H8FM  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet Stone Heart LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Could be larger  The earrings came in a lovely sack for them but the size was disappointing, maybe 2/3 of what I presumed it to be from online picture. They're nice anyway. <end>
 B000J4H91K  Vermeil (24kt Gold over Silver) Puffed Heart Earrings ||	  Tiny as the company name  This product was as described but I don't remember it saying that they item were "enlarged" to show details. These earrings were tiny as the name of the company "SilverSpeck." They are a good quality and I do like them but I was expecting them to be larger than they were. <end>
 B000J4H98S  Sterling Silver Genuine Lace Agate Stone Bali Bead Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  As Advertised!  The earrings arrived ahead of schedule and were actually more attractive than the picture. They are very confortable and a great length. <end>
 B000J4H9O2  Sterling Silver Genuine Tiger Eye Carnelian Rose Quartz Amethyst and Green Jade Chip Earrings ||	  Lovely but Small  These are lovely earrings, but from the picture I thought they would hang a little long. I love the color of the stones. <end>  A++  Very well made, beautiful, and very affordable. These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection. I recommend this purchase. <end>  Beautiful!  I love the color and quality of these stones. I've bought many pairs of SilverSpeck earrings for myself and for friends! <end>
 B000J4HCSA  Sterling Silver CZ Filigree Hoop Earrings ||	  don't always get what you pay for  I bought these for my mom but I did'nt give them to her because to me they kind of look cheep. The way they sit in your ears the back shows. The back looks the same as many earrings do which is just fine if it does'nt show. The front of the earring is nice it's to bad they did'nt continue with that on the back. I did buy other earrings for half the price from another seller and they where great. I guess you don't always get what you pay for. <end>  Wonderrful Gift  It is very difficult to find earrings for my mother that do not irritate her ears. She loves these earrings. They are beautiful and do not irritate her ears. She wears them almost everyday. <end>
 B000J4HE4W  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) 35mm Hoop Earrings ||	  love these  these are great for the price! i bought these in place of gold earrings, and they look good, i have had them for a while and wear them frequently, and the gold plate has not yet chipped, scratched off or anything. they look like real gold earrings. the only thing that bugs me about them is that they are kinda hard to put on because the part that goes threw your ear is loose (came that way) and they dont stick out, they just flop down so you have to hold the tiny part and put it threw your ear. other than that these are great hoops! (perfect size for me too) <end>  Terrible!  These earrings are terrible. The clasps become loose and the earrings fall off. To try and tighten them then the clasp dont fit. If I could return I would. <end>
 B000J4IAU4  Sterling Silver large Floating Heart Slide Simulated Tanzanite CZ Pendant ||	  Floating heart  I was surprised a this product, it was very pretty and I'm very happY with it. <end>
 B000J4IHG6  Snoopy and Woodstock on Decorated Dog House Peanuts Italian Charm Dog Animal Theme Bracelet Link ||	  very cute  My daughter loved this new edition to her bracelet. Great quality charm. <end>
 B000J4IHZC  Sterling Silver Genuine Marcasite Amethyst Heart Locket Pendant ||	  A Nifty Little Pendant Necklace  I bought this necklace as a gift and was worried it may look like cheap costume jewelry. I was happily surprised when it arrived. You won't mistake it for something from Tiffany's bought it is a nice piece of antique styled jewelry. The locket sealed well and holds the photo of your choice. If you're looking for that little something for mommy or granny give this one a look. <end>
 B000J4II0Q  Sterling Silver Diamond Cut Heart Locket Picture Necklace, 18" ||	  DCSHLP  My 11 year old bought this for his girl friend. She loves it and the locket looks exactly like the photo. Now, my daughter wants one. However, if your wanting to insert pictures like I did in a locket as a child they will have to be really tiny photos.Oh, and as for the company silverspeck, I have not been able to enter their website. <end>  Lovely Way to Remember the Tiger  We wanted to commemorate our tigers, but did not want to encourage the trade in their parts or fur, even if it was gained merely by shedding, so we filled these keepsake charm bottles with the pine needles from the beds of tigers. The quality of the necklace was excellent and our supporters loved being able to carry with them the aura of the tigers. Carole Baskin, CEO Big Cat Rescue Tampa, FL a non profit educational sanctuary for lions, tigers and other exotic wild cats. <end>
 B000J4IIBK  Sterling Silver Past Present and Future Created Pink Sapphire with Genuine Diamond Accent Pendant ||	  it's beatiful, but it just OK.  it has beatiful sparkles. Nice look, i like. but, the finishing touch is not done perfectly. hope, someone i love will like it. <end>
 B000J4IIBU  Sterling Silver Genuine Diamond Accent Amethyst Stone Cross Pendant ||	  What kind of chain am I going to get?  The first time I got this pendant from SilverSpeck, the chain was box chain type (better quality) and made the pendant look even prettier. I ended giving it as a gift to a friend and a week latter I made a second purchase for myself but this time the chain that was included was a rolo link chain type, very, very, very inexpensive looking, and makes the all set (chain & pendant) looks cheap. They should give more information about their product and describe better on the "Product Descripiton" that the chain they will send is what they have on stock and not what is on the picture.On top of every thing, when I did call SilverSpeck, the person that I spoke with was not friendly and if I can say, there was a bit of rude tone on his voice! I'll keep the pendant but will not purchase any more from this company and also next time it rains, I'll put it outside, so the water of the rain will whash away the bad Chi from that telephone call. <end>
 B000J4IKKY  Sterling Silver Bali Beaded Genuine Leopard Skin Stone Circle Pendant ||	  Too small  Good quality but, had the size been given in the description, I would not have ordered <end>
 B000J4IKOU  Sterling Silver Genuine Citrine Stone Teddy Bear Pendant ||	  I liked this bear pendant  but unfortunately, I lost it or misplaced that i cannot find... so sad. it looks very nice and the bear is so cute too.... <end>
 B000J4IL6C  Sterling Silver Genuine Carnelian Stone Twisted Border Oval Pendant ||	  Too small  This pendant is very nice but it is about 3 times too small for an adult. <end>
 B000J4INSS  Sterling Silver Channel Set Clear CZ Toe Ring ||	  Ouch.  If you do not have super thin toes, do not buy. When I recieved the item, I excitedly put it on. It was fine for the first 2 minutes then it began to pinch. Also, when I went to remove the toe ring, it almost broke.But other than that, its pretty. <end>  Very Pretty  I bought 2 of these, didn't know how delicate they would be, so I played it safe and had one for a "backup". Well, these are well made and sturdy. I receive many compliments on them! They aren't too big or too small...perfect! Very pleased with this purchase! <end>  Adorable toe ring  This little thing showed up in no time at all.It looks very expensive, and its not.Adorable ! <end>  My favorite toe ring  I wore the same toe ring for over 3 years till I noticed one day it was gone. I searched high and low for a good replacement on Amazon and other sites. This is the 2nd one I ordered and definitely my favorite. It has just the right amount of bling/sparkle to look classy and not cheesy. Would recommend to anyone. Very comfortable to wear. I don't even feel it, but once in a while have to turn it so the bling is facing upward. <end>  Cute, but...  Much smaller than pictured. Comfortable to wear but, yet again not as noticeable when looking at feet from standing position. Not worth sending back so I will keep it. Somewhat disappointed. <end>  Pretty and well made  This toe ring is very cute, but runs small. If you have chubby toes (like me) it isn't very comfortable. I wear it anyway, but really wish they would have stated the diameter. <end>  Ring  Cute toe ring. I received lots of compliments on this toe ring while wearing it during the Spring and Summer. <end>  A stunner yet dainty beauty  To tell you about myself, I am very picky and clumsy with jewelery. I have a allergic reaction to everything if it isn't made from gold or real silver and even when its real silver, its touch and go.I got this ring after I saw a beautiful woman with not only a beautiful face but beautiful toes and to top it off, she had a dainty ring that looked exactly like this. I can't say it was this one because I didn't ask, but I went right away to Amazon and found one that I thought was similar.Being that I have a allergic reaction to all types of metal, I was very hesitant about ordering this one and when I got it, was even more worried about putting it on.Would it turn green? Will it fit? Will it look too fake? Will the stones fall out? Will it rust? Will it break? Is it worth the $15 bucks?I have to say I was pleasantly surprised that it exceeded my expectations. I have owned and worn it for the 16 months straight and have had no complaints.I have swam in the ocean, I have swam in the pool, I have worn heels with it, & I have lost 80 pounds in the last year and it did not effect the ring at all. Just open up the clasp alittle more and your all set. I also had a baby and all you women know your body chemistry changes and still I had no reactions to it. If this should EVER break, I will purchase another right away. I just hope they are still making them the exact same way as 16 months ago.My mom first noticed it and wanted to know if they were real diamonds. I told her no. She was so amazed. They looked so real! They don't look plastic and fake like CZ cocktail rings.The only real negative on my part is that if I pinch the clasp too tight, its uncomfortable and painful. Just loosen it and it fits like it was made just for you.I don't remember if the shipping was a long wait or not, but Its worth it, if it was.Overall, I would purchase again and would recommend it to everyone and anyone. Get this and you will never need to buy another one again.  )I bought this with my own money and am not endorse to give a good review, FYI. <end>  Beautiful!  The toe ring is stunning. At first I thought it might be too narrow, but once I put it on, it looked perfect. It is more on the ridged side of toe rings, but that makes it feel more durable. If you have thicker toes, you might need to wear it above the middle knuckle of your toe. It is very comfortable...have even been sleeping in it with no problem. It really sparkles well...looks like a thin band of white light on you toe. <end>  Beautiful, but not for fat toes  I agree with everything the person said it the review titled "Ouch." My toes are about a size 5 and this toe ring wasn't very comfortable and it pinched. Also it was realllly hard to take off, and doesnt bend easily at all. mine almost broke too. but its so pretty )  im so sad <end>  sparkly toe rings  I had recieved this as a gift.Lovely item.It made my toes sparkle.very comfortable.I want to get more of them to create the stacking effect <end>  Very Pretty!  This is a very cute toe ring. You will not be disappointed with the purchase. Does not interfere or pinch toes and very comfortable.Only negative is, sometimes the `stone studded' section goes to the side/bottom and I have to adjust it. But does not bother me a lot.Recommended product . <end>  Dainty, beautiful and very well made  My husband bought this for me and I am loving it! It is very dainty, but has a lot of sparkle. Toe rings tend to be uncomfortable for me, but I hardly know this one is there. While being dainty, it is thicker (more sturdy) than other toe rings I have owned. It feels like a quality piece of jewelry. The only negative I can see is that now I want to run out and get a new pedicure and wear nothing but sandals. <end>  Beautiful Toe Ring!  This is a beautiful, sparkly toe ring. I am so excited I found this ring. It fits perfect on my toe and it is extremely comfortable. This is a great seller, it came within just a couple of days. Great purchase, totally happy!! <end>  Loves &lt;3  Very pretty, it shines and sparkles in the light weather it be sun or just good lighting!!! The jewels go far enough around the band to cover the whole top of your toe. stays in place and looks good with casual wear or anything dressy!! I would recommend this to a friend. <end>  Beautiful!  I LOVE this toe ring! It simple yet very elegant. I have chubby toes and it fits perfect around it. Its also very comfortable. I wear it all the time. I like how it doesn't catch on my socks or anything. I am thinking about buying some more from this company. They have excellent products <end>  nice!  I've had this toe ring for months, on my toe, and i never take my toe rings off... it stays put and doesnt give me any issues, nor has it broken! <end>  Great value toe ring  This product seems to be a good product for a good price. I have not worn it very long so I can not comment on durability. <end>  This is a really pretty toe ring.  I purchased this for my daughter and she loved it. I was surprised when I opened the box. Didn't expect it to sparkle the way it does for the price. Great item. If you have larger toes it will not fit. Its made to fit smaller toes. Highly recommend. A++++++++++ <end>  OK.  Received two of these rings. Ordered only one. Because of low cost, I didn't return it. Gave one as a gift. <end>  Pleasantly Surprized  Looks very nice in person, better than photo. Easily the most comfortable toe ring I've ever purchased. <end>  channel set cz toe ring  I new I would love this toe ring, from the minute I opened the package and saw the precious blue velvet drawstring bag it came in. It is adorable and looks so real. It is also very comfortable. I will definately buy from this company again. <end>  Simply lovely!  Wonderful experience all around  great product, terrific price, shipped quickly and packaged very nicely in a nice little velvet bag. Great if you're thinking of getting someone a nice little gift. Beautiful sterling silver with good quality CZ stones. Haven't taken it off since I got it. <end>  I love how it sparkles!  I wear a toe ring 24/7, 365 days out of the year, but after a year I like to change my toe-ring to something new, usually changing it around my birthday (May 1st). I went in search on Amazon.com as usual and came across this one which reminded me of my mom's wedding ring. I bought it and it arrived within the same week.First thing I noticed is that it is easy to put on and bend into the correct tightness for my toe. I've had toe-rings be VERY hard to shape, and some that are TOO weak and break the same day, this one is a perfect medium. Next thing is it is very comfortable; My last toe-ring would snag and twist around my toe and I could feel it, so annoying I'd have to take my shoes off to correct it. This toe-ring is very comfortable, I can't even feel it even if it's turned around! Lastly, the SPARKLE! The first time I stepped into some light the top would actually sparkle, it's very beautiful, especially for the great price!If you're the type that wears toe-rings all the time like I do (even when swimming) I recommend this one! <end>  Beautiful bling to brighten summer toes!  This is one of several toe rings purchased from the same maker, and they are quite spectacular. The material is nice and heavy with enough give to adjust. I have small toes, and this fit perfectly. The stones really sparkle, and they go with dressy or casual sandals nicely. <end>  SS Channel Set CZ Toe Ring  Arrived today and have it on my toe....looks really nice...comfortable...great price! Would recommend to a friend. <end>  Beautiful little toe ring  This is a really nice toe ring. It sparkles when it's on your toe and is really very pretty. It is adjustable, so that is nice. It is very nice and for the price, you just can't go wrong. I would highly recommend buying it. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Cute toes!  Only girls with cute feet can pull off wearing these and my Wife's are super pretty. This was a great Christmas stocking stuffer. <end>  Can't go wrong  This toe ring is awesome, everyone who sees it wants one also.It looks like real diamonds. <end>  Toe Ring  I was happy with the look and feel of this product. However, if you do decide to order it, be careful not to over stretch the band. I bought 20 of them for friends and a few of them have broken in half. <end>
 B000J4INWO  The 60's Sterling Silver Heart Love Toe Ring ||	  too large 4 little toes  good quality 4 pricing. good for larger toes. not so much 4 smaller ones. <end>
 B000J4IPWM  Silver GENUINE ROSE QUARTZ PEARL STONE BABY BRACELET 4 in. ||	  My Niece's Baby Bracelet  This was a last-minute added gift idea and I worried it would not be shipped on time, but it arrived quicker than planned. The bracelet is beautiful...well worth the money and I would certainly shop this way again. I was VERY happy with this transaction! <end>
 B000J4IQGW  Sterling Silver Bracelet with Multi Color Scarab cut stones ||	  Sterling Bracelet  Nice bracelet for a small wrist. Looks dazzling with several colored stones -well worth the money ! Inexpensive ! I just love it ! <end>
 B000J4IQJ4  Sterling Silver Aquamarine & White CZ Tennis Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet at a great price  I was so happy to find this bracelet! It is delicate enough to wear on my wedding day, and is the perfect piece for my "something blue" - good quality and very pretty for a great price. I will wear it after my wedding too since it's my birthstone and will match a lot of other dresses. <end>  Very elegant looking for the price  The stones are small but very shiny. The bracelet can be worn with 2-3 others to complete a wardrobe choice. <end>
 B000J4IQLM  Sterling Silver Oval link Bracelet ||	  Too big  If your special someone has big wrists, this will probably make them very happy. But if they have normal, lady-sized wrists... <end>
 B000J4IRV6  Sterling Silver Simulated CZ Antique Bracelet ||	  Love it, love it, love it!  Simple gorgeous classy design. Lots of sparkle for. Really great price. It looks better in person than in the picture. Highly recommend this one if you are looking for something a little more than your average inline tennis bracelet. <end>
 B000J4IS4C  Sterling Silver Multi Color Yellow, Pink,Blue,Orange and Green Cats Eye Bead and Bar Bracelet ||	  bracelet  The clasp broke the third time I wore it. I really loved the colors because you could wear it with so many things. I didn't feel like going through the whole return thing. <end>
 B000J4IS5Q  Vermeil (24kt Gold over Silver) Tri Color Leaf Bracelet ||	  A beautiful bracelet for the price.  THis bracelet is really lovely. It is a flattering peice of jewelry, and the colors of the gold are even prettier in person. I like it so much that I intend to wear it with my wedding dress.I purchased this item about 5 months ago, and there have been no problems with durability or quality of the metal. A lovely purchase. My only caution is to make sure that you check the length of the bracelet with the size of your wrist before buying to ensure a comfortable fit. <end>  Love it!!!  I love love love this bracelet! It fits and it looks exactly as pictured. It's also easy to put on, I don't need someone to do it for me. It is 7 inches long. I got it because I love leaf-detailed jewelry and flowered jewelry. Very glad I made this purchase. However, for those of you who wish to maybe cut off one link to make it shorter, it's not possible with this one. If you cut off even one link it will then only fit on a child's wrist. <end>
 B000J4ISBK  Genuine Faceted Smokey Quartz Bead Stretch Bracelet ||	  Not Just Blowing Smoke  This little bracelet is stretch so it is easy to put on. The color is good and so neutral that it matches everything. Some the stones were a little flawed. But over all for a casual bracelet and for the price it is a good buy. <end>  Good quality beads at a reasonable price  5 stars no complaints. I found that the beads are of good quality and have held up in daily wear for the past few months that's I've had them. The vendor shipped them to Iraq for me and they arrived in good condition and in a reasonable amount of time. I'd buy from the vendor again with no hesitation. Review by Mark Grant, author of Blood of Scotland. <end>
 B000J4ISHE  Sterling Silver Pink and Black Cubic Zirconia Tennis Bracelet ||	  Exquisite Bracelet  Pink and black are a perfect combination in this beautiful bracelet. It is incredibly well made and yet very delicate, it looks like pink sapphires (the color is dead on) and black diamonds set in white gold, which would make it worth up to a 100 times as much. The price is fantastic and no one would guess you paid so little. This bracelet is incredibly unique and feminine with a nice modern twist. I HIGHLY recommend it! <end>
 B000J4ISQ0  Sterling Silver Rose Flower Link Bracelet ||	  Very pretty and substantial  This bracelet was very good value. A Heavy bracelet and the roses are large, exactly as the photo portrays. I am very pleased with it, the best rose bracelet I have seen. <end>
 B000J4ISY2  Genuine Red Tiger Eye Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet ||	  NIce Set of Red Tiger Eye Beads  This was a great transaction. I have ordered several products from Amazon.com, the Genuine Red Tiger Eye Stone 6mm Bead Beaded Stretch Bracelet being one of the more recent ones. I received it here in Iraq in a very reasonable amount of time and it was in perfect condition. I would have no problem ordering from Amazon.com again and most likely I will soon. Good products, reasonable price. Reviewed by Mark Grant, author of Blood of Scotland, available at Amazon.com <end>  Pretty, but Not for Me  From the online photo I thought this bracelet would be red and black. The one I received was dark, reddish brown and dark brown. It really is very pretty, but didn't go with anything in my wardrobe, so I returned it. If you're into wearing fall colors I think you'll like this. The beads were uniform in size and color. <end>
 B000J4IWMU  18k Gold Over Silver Ruby, Sapphire, Emerald & Diamond Accent Flower Bracelet ||	  Absolutely Beautiful! Great Value for Price!  I could not believe how great this bracelet looked when I got it. If you're looking for an "Oh my gosh!" response, then I recommend getting this bracelet. My girl is now the envy of all her female relatives and friends. No one has seen a bracelet constructed like this one. The pictures don't do it justice. The jewels are well set and have stood up to even a toddlers ardent inspection. A great buy. Thank you <end>  very nice  I was a little disappointed about the general appearance of the bracelet, but I do get complements on it. I thought the stones would stand out more, but overall I am pleased with the product. <end>  It'll do-  Gift for my mother-in-law. It's a little underwhelming upon first glance, but it looks nice enough and the stones are set properly. Hope she likes it! <end>  Beautiful  I love this bracelet.. I wish I can fine the ring that matches exactly in detail. Still awesome.The clasp make you feel secure not thinking that you may lost it. <end>
 B000J4IY64  Sterling Silver Murano Glass Red Oval Millefiori Necklace ||	  Cute necklace!  I was very excited when I bought the necklace. I'm in love with Silver Speck. The necklace is very colorful and can be worn with many styles of clothing. However, the only thing is that it's too small when compared with the picture. Way to go Amazon! <end>
 B000J4J1EI  Sterling Silver Simulated Tanzanite CZ Square Stud Earrings ||	  pretty, but thick  i really like these... but the post is pretty thick, and u need to use some force to get the earring backs on. other than that, i love them! <end>
 B000J4J1ES  Sterling Silver 2 CARAT Cubic Zirconia Round Stud Earrings ||	  Shipping  The shipping for this item is expensive! I was going to purchase these earrings until I saw the shipping cost. <end>  beautiful earrings, but...  These earrings looked beautiful and I'd love to give them 5 stars, except that since the post is made of sterling silver, which is very bendable, just be careful when handling them. I accidentally smooshed one of the earrings and the metal band holding the stones easily became slightly loose. But for this price, you can buy several of them. I wish these came in 10k or 14k white gold  ( <end>  Made my ears itch  I thought they looked very nice, but they made my ears itch. My ears do well with gold and sterling silver usually. <end>  Believably Beautiful  These are everyday wear size, but prominent enough that you won't have to worry about them being seen. The stones are lovely, and well-set in the high-quality Sterling Silver I've come accustomed to from SilverSpeck.com. Great for yourself or a gift, the price is so low you can get one for everyone! <end>  Very nice  i waer them every day since i got them in the mail.....very pretty and cheap also!!!! <end>  allergic reaction  I usually don't have a problem wearing sterling silver but cannot wear cheap earrings that are just of any metal. They have to be sterling , gold, or made for sensitive ears. These say sterling but still caused an allergic eraction within just a couple of hours of wearing. The retailer, however, did not have a problem e mailing me a free shipping label for return. <end>  no good  get more expensive earrings these made my ears bleed and I had to throw them away. Pay the extra bucks for better quality earrings and avoid this <end>  nice stud earring  I have been wearing this earring for 1 months. It 's very nice about the quality and the price is not expensive. I think that's a good earring to buy! <end>  Beautiful, well made  I bought these because they were cheap so my expectations were low. I received them earlier than expected and was amazed with the shine. They sparkle in the lowest and highest lighting conditions. I own a 2 carat diamond and these are slightly larger (2.50_2.75) and although they are cz, they look similar to a real diamond. The cut is beautiful. I've had no problems with the posts, if they make your ears bleed than you're probably allergic to silver. As for the metal being soft? I haven't had issues, though if I sat on them I'm sure they would bend (as would any earring). I even slept in them! Wonderful value, unbelievable quality! <end>  good product  Good earrings, promt shipping, good service. The backs of the earrings are a little fragile but if you are careful there is no reason they should brake. <end>  sterling silver zirconia  Beautiful earrings; large enough for an adult to wear; too large to make-believe are something else than zirconias. Great for everyday. <end>
 B000J4J1F2  Sterling Silver Celebrity Pink Cubic Zirconia round Stud Earrings ||	  Not as Pictured  The stones in these earrings were so light in color they looked almost colorless. I never wore them because I couldn't get the post through my ear. I compared it to other earrings I have and the post was much thicker. I was very disappointed and returned them. <end>
 B000J4J1GG  Sterling Silver Flower Champagne Cubic Zirconia and Simulated CZ Post Earrings ||	  Absolutely Lovely  I love my earrings! I think they are so unique and cute. They were worth the purchase. If you're thinking of buying something special and different, you will not be disappointed. <end>
 B000J4J1P2  Simulated Tanzanite CZ and Simulated CZ Dangling Silver Earrings ||	  Okay  While the front profile was kind of nice I didn't like the way the lever back was visible from the front profile. Also, while this stone is purported to be a simulated tanzanite, it really looks like a dark blue sapphire. If it's the tanzanite look you want, these aren't it. I returned them to the retailer and I waiting for my refund. <end>
 B000J4J26K  Sterling Silver CZ Half Hoop Earrings ||	  Nicer in person!  These earrings are nicer than I expected. They are a nice size but not too big for everyday use. The stones are of small to medium size which makes the earring nicer. The lock is a quality lock. <end>
 B000J4J2PQ  Sterling Silver Simulated Aquamarine CZ round Stud Earrings ||	  great purchase  My doughter loves the earrings, she gets a lot of complements from her friends.Very happy with the product and the price. <end>
 B000J4J39G  Sterling Silver Dark Pink Fuschia Genuine Swarovski Crystal Three Bar Earrings ||	  not pink  These earrings are purple, not even close to the pink pictured. For the price, I gave them to my neighbor's daughter instead of returning them, Cute, but not pink. <end>  Highly recommended!  Swarovski has been making crystal jewelry since 1892, and their consistent quality has kept the company going through wars and the rise and fall of empires. These cute earrings are made of sterling silver and Swarovski crystals, and are quite attractive. If you are looking for some nice, crystal and silver earrings, then these are the ones to get.By the way, they look great when combined with the Heart, Star and Starburst crystal tattoos - which I also highly recommend!(Review of Sterling Silver Dark Pink Fuschia Genuine Swarovski Crystal Three Bar Earrings) <end>
 B000J4J44A  Sterling Silver Simulated Gray Pearl Tear Drop LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Great Pearl Earrings  I usually don't write reviews, but these earrings deserve one. I gasped when I took them out of their package and tried them on. They're perfect--not too big, not too small, and they'll match the necklace I was looking for them to match perfectly. Great pair, and the price is fantastic. Don't skip on this pair of earrings! You'll be sorry if you do. <end>  Good Quality  Product was purchased for a gift. The earrings were exactly as pictured and quite nice. <end>  Photo was better...  The photo looked better than the actual pair....They were a silvery-grey rather than the bluish-metallic-grey as shown in the photo....But they looked good. So I kept it. <end>
 B000J4J45E  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet Stone Bali Bead Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Nice earrings  Overall I really like these earrings! Very pretty design and overall well made. I had to bend one of the tops a little bit for the lever back to close properly, but it wasn't a big deal. The stones are also a little dark. I know that garnets are usually more maroon than red, which I like, but from afar they almost look black. Still very pretty earrings though! I got them as a gift and I'm positive my mom will really like them! <end>  Earrings  These earrings are a very attractive design and comfortable to wear. However, I was disappointed in the workmanship (soldering, etc.). <end>  great garnets  I think the garnet earrings are even nicer than they looked in the picture. <end>
 B000J4J774  Genuine Freshwater Cultured Peach Pearl Earrings ||	  Not as pictured  Okay earrings, but the pearls are uneven and to say they have any color at all is a stretch. I haven't worn them. <end>
 B000J4J7OW  Sterling Silver Murano Glass Red Oval Millefiori Earrings ||	  great  colors are remarkable and the light shines through them. No backs, so I lost one, but then re-ordered--now I'll have three! <end>
 B000J4J7Q0  Sterling Silver 7-8mm Oval White Genuine Freshwater Pearl Cultured Fish Hook Three Cluster Earrings ||	  LOVE.THEM.  I totally love these genuine pearl earrings i bought for only $7!!!! They are oval in shape and they are not perfect but in my eyes they are. The imperfection makes them a casual earring but no one can tell me they are fake. Instead of going to Target and paying $4 for some plastic pearls you should get these!!!! <end>  Love these !  The size and design are what I was looking for. Loved that the pearls are of irregular size ( freshwater is not perfect). Would recommend them for the great price! <end>
 B000J4J89Q  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Yellow CZ Round Leverback Earrings ||	  Great price but nothing to write home about  These earrings are very nice for the price. I'm not crazy over them, but they do sit well and show nicely below the ear. They will make very nice lightweight summer earrings, which is basically what I was looking for when ordering them. The curve in the wire setting allows the stones to face out & forward much more than some lever-back earrings where the stone tends to aim down at the shoulders. The lever-backs are a bit flimsy to what I'm used to wearing even on less expensive fashion jewelry. I also wish the stones' color was as intense as the picture depicts them. They do give off a glint of shimmer, but they are actually a very light yellow, rather than the deep gold that is pictured. <end>
 B000J4J8AA  18K Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Oval Leverback Earrings ||	  Nice earrings  Exactly as the photo shows - very pretty earrings, light and easy to wear.Very happy with purchase and the price was right!!. <end>  more than expected  I'm so happy with this choice. I was afraid the cz was going to be too small, instead they are of great porportion and fiery without looking to flashy or blingy. I find them to be a beatiful feminine touch for everyday. They are light and comfortable and fall just perfectly below my earlobe. <end>  I was Disappointed!  After the rave reviews I expected a pair of gorgeous earrings. But, the leverbacks were quite large, too large for me. But, the worst thing was the CZ's were just dead. I own several CZ's and all of them sparkle greatly. NOT these. Maybe you'll get lucky and get a pair that shine. Mine didn't! I'm sending them back. <end>  Great gift!!!!!!  My daughter loved these. They look wonderful on her. The lever clasp is great and less likely to lose the earrings. <end>  Compliments galore!  I have gotten lots of compliments on these earrings. I was asked several times where I got them. LOVE THEM! <end>  Excellent  Item arrived early & did not disappoint. Looks very elegant and was very cheap! Light enough to wear every day. <end>  Perfect Pair  I'm really happy to receive these awesome LeverBack earrings. The CZ stone is perfectly positioned allowing the earring to hang just right from the ear lobe. If you should choose to purchase this item for yourself or as a gift for someone else, you or the recipient WILL NOT be disappointed. <end>  High quality!  These are just great and I love them. I love leverback earrings now and wear nothing but them! <end>
 B000J4J8EG  Double Twist Tube Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings ||	  earrings  earrings were a little too small for me but I kept them. The measurements throws me off. <end>
 B000J4J8OG  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Large 49mm Hoop Earrings ||	  Great Earrings!  These earrings are a great addition to your collection. They provide a nice alternative to pure gold hoops--which cost quite a bit more. I have had them now for several months and they show no signs of color change! <end>  Very nice  Nice hoops for the price, and you really can't tell they are not Gold, all the way... but only coated.So far so good, there's something I personally don't like. is the weight. I think, they are a bit heavy, pulling on the earlobes.But, I will keep them and wear them. <end>  Great!  This is the third pair of these hoops that I have ordered. They are useful for any occasion. The color lasts unlike similar products. And, at this price you can lose one and not get terribly upset like you would if it was pure gold. I wear them every day although I have lots of other earrings. <end>
 B000J4JB5M  Sardelli - 14k Gold Reversible 2.50mm Cultured Pearl & Bead Earrings ||	  Best Ever  I lost one of the earrings so i purchased another set. I have 4 piercings on my ear and these look elegant, can be worn as pearl or gold studs, and have remained securely on my ear for 3 years now. <end>
 B000J4KB10  Sterling Silver 2.22ct CZ 'X' & Bar Tennis Bracelet ||	  silver aspects tennis bracelet  This product was sent on time and my granddaughter loved it.. My only negative is that you do not offer a wrapping service not even a gift card!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <end>
 B000J4KB24  Vermeil (24k Gold over Sterling Silver) Satin Silver Dot Bangle ||	  SCAM  This bracelet broke into two pieces. When I took it to a jeweler, he said it was junk. The silver metal is junk metal, not sterling. The 24k gold covering was brass. So now I have a junk, broken bracelet. Please do not waste your money on this item like I did!!! <end>
 B000J4KBAQ  18k Gold Over Stelring Silver 14.40ct. Sapphire & Diamond Accent Tennis Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet  Got this as a back-up, it seems more sturdy than the other one I bought (hence, tennis bracelet) The stones aren't quite as nice, and the diamonds are kinda just there. But again, remember the price and realize that you aren't going bankrupt on this purchase.I don't plan on returning it, but maybe keeping it for another day...But the item is still nice for the price and the seller really hustled it out to me. A smart thing for a boy to have deep in his drawer...you never know when a sparkly will have its most effect.**Update** had to return item since under careful lighting, there were cracks in the stones, (no, not inclusions, but as if they had struck something hard and cracked) it is still in the return process, if the replacement is fine then we are all cool, if not, then debit back my card. Will stay posted on this event as it unfolds, but nothing wrong other than product (which is fine for now) we'll see how the process continues***Update*** item was returned and refunded. No complaints against the seller, it all worked out in the end. <end>
 B000J4KBKQ  18K Gold over Sterling Silver CZ Swirl Tennis Bracelet ||	  Very attractive bracelet  Really nicely made with lots of detailing. A good size to be noticeable. Not to big to be unbelievable but big enough to notice. Very unusual style, which makes it different from the usual line bracelets. SilverSpeck has always in my experience been easy to do smooth transactions with. <end>
 B000J4KC7S  Sterling Silver Simulated Red Coral Nugget Bali Bead Necklace ||	  poor craftsmanship  The first time I looked at the necklace I liked it, put it back in the pouch to wear for a special occasion. When I took it out of the pouch it fell apart. I sent it back for a replacement but don't hold high hopes it will be better. Will not buy jewelry online again. <end>
 B000J4KCSC  Sterling Silver 4mm Genuine Tiger Eye Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Durable and beautiful!!  I bought this necklace around 2 years ago, maybe more. I wear it every single day and it is not even close to breaking. I absolutely love it! The beads are all the same size, and the color is amazing! This picture does not do the beads justice, they are much, much prettier then that. The lock still holds the same way it did years ago and it had a chain at one end so it's size is adjustable. I take it off before every shower so I'm not sure how the sterling silver would hold in water, but I highly doubt it'd be a problem. Overall one of the best necklaces I have ever purchased. The shipping was fast and the packaging was great. It came in a small blue bag which I still have and use to keep other jewelry. I would definitely buy this again, either for myself or as a gift. <end>
 B000J4KCSW  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Amethyst Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  amethyst beaded necklace  This necklace is great for the money. The beads are well matched & the necklace is just the right length. <end>
 B000J4KCTG  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Hematite Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  hematite necklace  What a sweet necklace! The 6 mm beads are not too big (although even a bit bigger would be great too!) They are well matched and seem to be well made as the previous reviewer stated. The extender gives a versatility to the piece. I love the hematite which almost has the look of peacock pearls! While dark in color they have the shine of gun-metal. I love this piece and would definitely recommend it! <end>  Elegant  I am wearing this necklace while I write the review. It is great value for money and really classy...Pretty sturdy also. <end>
 B000J4KCVE  Sterling Silver 6mm Genuine Tiger Eye Stone Bead Beaded Chain 15-19" Necklace ||	  Nice Necklace  It is a nice necklace and well made. I sent it back because the beads were too big for the pendant I had in mind to wear with it. It would make a nice stand alone piece because of it's length. <end>  Nice Necklace  The stones are the best Tiger's Eye that I have seen in a while. I do like this necklace and I am looking forward to wearing it. <end>  Completes my tiger's eye set.  I have tiger's eye (brown) earrings, a ring, and 2 bracelets, and wanted a short necklace to complete the ensemble. I have a narrow neck and like to wear necklaces choker style and this fits the bill. And, it was FAR less expensive than other places I looked! <end>
 B000J4KD0Y  24K Gold over Silver Fox Tail Tri Color Gold Link Necklace ||	  Beautiful piece !  This is a gorgeous necklace and looks so much more expensive than what it cost me. I've worn it with pastels and deeper gem colors as well and it looked equally fabulous with both. Very comfortable to wear and lays perfectly on the neck. Lovely colors and looks so much prettier in person than on the screen. <end>
 B000J4KFZW  Sterling Silver Black & White CZ Twist Omega Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings......  I am very happy with these earrings...they are a wonderful copy of Black and White Diamonds. They are just beautiful and I always love when I can get Omega backs. You will be very pleased with them. <end>
 B000J4KGFQ  Genuine Mother of Pearl Rectangle Dangling Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  Excelente Joya  Excelente Producto, recibido sin problemas en mis manos. Buenos colores y buen precio Gracias por el servicio y por buen producto. <end>
 B000J4KGXS  Silver Bali Design Pink Rose Quartz Earrings ||	  Perfect size  I was worried that these earrings would be too long but they are perfect, delicate and feminine. I would recommend these earrings. <end>  Exactly what I wanted  These earrings look exactly like they do in the picture, so they're very pretty. Also, they're some of the only earrings that haven't been hurting my ears recently. I'm not sure what the problem is with other earrings, but I'm really glad there's at least one pair that's alright, haha. These are definitely worth the money. <end>
 B000J4KH50  Silver Cabochon Black Genuine Onyx Bead Earrings ||	  Simple & Elegant  A pretty earring with an old world look. The 7mm black beads are shiny. The dangle is 15 mm long. <end>  Good Earrings  I loved these earrings. Not too big not too small. I have had many commnents on the earrings. All good <end>  Classic, elegant, versatile.  Actually bought these to go with the single strand Onyx Bead necklace. But I ended up liking the earrings to wear alone. Very simple but elegant. Silver and Black always looks elegant, can be dressed down or up. Great for work, with or without the matching necklace. A great deal. <end>
 B000J4KHAU  Genuine Blue Topaz Round Silver Studs/Stud Earrings ||	  Earrings  I have placed this same order three times because my child continues to lose her earrings...every time the order is on time. This order the earrings were a little different and smaller but I have had good things with this vendor. <end>  Not sure what I got!  I ordered these earrings and the invoice indicated 1) Round Aqua CZ stud and 2) Genuine Blue Topaz. So what did I really get? They're ok for the price, but would like to know what I'm buying! <end>  Nice  You can see these from across the room, even thought they are not large. Great price - they do look good. <end>
 B000J4KHG4  Sterling Silver Champagne Cubic Zirconia round Stud Earrings ||	  They are decent for the price!  The picture sold me on this item! This item looked very apealling when seen on-line. It's not like I spent a great deal of money opn it, so it fits my needs. Although I didn't spend much on these earrings, they don't look cheap, I would say they are decent, especially for what I paid, I'm satisfied with what I got considering they were in-expensive. <end>
 B000J4KHK0  Sterling Silver Red Genuine Sea Bamboo Coral Chip Earrings ||	  Christmas gift  My co-worker loved this gift and matching bracelet that came with this gift. It was reasonable and helped me to stay on budget. <end>  A++  Very well made, beautiful, and very affordable. These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection. I recommend this purchase. <end>  Nice  Light weight. Affordable. Good red color. Nice find for the price. They are comfy and not.too heavy..nice earings.like them. Want more colors <end>  Compliments necklace and braclet  Nice pair of earrings to compliment bracelet and necklace. Inexpensive and comes in a nice little blue pouch. Good coloring. <end>  As pictured  Received earrings exactly as pictured and described. Very true red. The wires seem a little flimsy but they're holding up for me. They make a bold addition. <end>  I purchased these for my mother  I gave these lovely earings to my mom for mother's day and she really enjoys them. She has always loved the style of jewelry making where chips of real stones and gems are used, as do I. These earrings are well made and for those with sensitive ears, come with sterling silver posts. And all for such a reasonable price! Furthermore, there were no problems whatsoever with my mother getting the package on time for her day so I would definately reccommend this seller to anyone looking for awesome hand-made jewelry pieces. <end>  see bracelet  deeper red than in picture, high quality for money, see bracelet. Store never disapoints, fast, classy and for the price you can't beat it. <end>  Something different  These earrings were of a unique shape that I haven't seen before. The shape drew my attention as well as the color. Sometimes looking for a nice red color to wear is hard to find but these have worked out great, for me. I get great comments on them. The hook design on these are of great fit in the ear. I don't feel that they are going to fall out. <end>  Very Unique  These Sterling Silver Red Genuine Sea Bamboo Coral Chip Earrings may have a long name, but they are very unique and beautiful in person. They were a Mother's Day gift after I knew my mom had been looking for red earrings. Many red earrings are too "dressy" looking, where these can be casual or dressy - all depending on your clothes and mood! A great buy for anyone! <end>  love  can't believe how inexpensive these are - love them - great value! i wear them all the time no problems. <end>  These look much more expensive than they are!  My wife loved her earrings. They matched her coral necklace perfectly but were very, very reasonably priced. <end>  Oskar  I ordered this item and the onyx earrings and the blue denim earrings from the same seller. They arrived ahead of schedule and were nicely packed. They are very nice and would recommend this to any one. Very satisified with these purchases. <end>  Beautiful uniform red color  I have been wearing Silver Speck earrings for 5 months and have been very impressed with the quality for the price; when I've bought jewelry from Wal-Mart or Target for a higher price than these, I've had earrings tarnish or break within a couple of wearings. Not so with Silver Speck! My mom wears a lot of red, so I bought these earrings for her for Christmas. The pair I received is redder in person than it looks in the photo, and there is less variation in color than shown in the photo. They are beautiful and I am very pleased with them. <end>  coral chip earrings  these were given as a xmas gift along with the amethyst and tourqouise chip earrings. very nice as a gift for the price. recipient loved all 3. <end>  Like swiss cheese  Very disappointed. I also purchased 2 other colors, and those were well-made and gorgeous, but the Bamboo Coral Chip earrings were full of little holes (therefore the swiss cheese comparison) and glaring imperfections. There is no way I'd wear them, so I tossed in the trash. I could have returned them, but they are so cheap that the shipping cost alone would have made the return not worth it. Overall, no big deal. It's a shame since the red color is so pretty. <end>
 B000J4KHV4  Sterling Silver Black and Red Enamel Ladybug Earrings ||	  These are just perfect  I was looking for an inexpensive ladybug earring that I could wear for my volunteer work with our local Master Gardeners' organization for which the ladybug is part of our logo. Thet are very attractive. The only complaint I have is that there aren't any of the little clear plastic holders that keep it on your ear. I'll have to use some from another pair. <end>  So Cute!  Not too small, not too large. Just like the porridge these earrings are just the right size for any ladybug loving lady! Beautifully detailed, and richly enameled my daughter-in-law was ecstatic over this gift! My son says she rarely takes them off. I highly recommend these earrings. <end>
 B000J4KIFY  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Oval Simulated Red Coral LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Southwest earrings  These earrings are great. I get many compliments on them every time I wear them. They can be worn with outfits that are not country or southwest in style. They are very well made and are holding up under general noncareful wear. <end>  jlust as stated  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Oval Simulated Red Coral LeverBack Lever Back Earrings. the earrings were great a nd looked like the description. I am very pleaseld wilth my selection and would order from this company again. <end>
 B000J4KK7A  Sterling Silver Bali Bead Genuine Garnet Stone Rectangle Lever Back Earrings ||	  garnet earrings  The earrings are beautiful, however, when they arrived, I noticed that one is purple and one red. I'm waiting for the company to send me back a pre-paid return envelope along with corrected set. I'm still waiting. These are a gift, so I'm very anxious. I hope they follow through like they promised. <end>  earrings  For what they cost I guess you can't complain BUT they are cheap looking in personwouldn't buy again <end>
 B000J4KK7K  Sterling Silver CZ Prong Set Heart Leverback Earrings ||	  larger than expected  I would have liked to know how large the stone was. I thought it was smaller than it was, but I can make it work. <end>
 B000J4KKD4  Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot Stone Flower Lever Back LeverBack Earrings ||	  Very Nice  These arrived quickly and were very much enjoyed by the recipients. Thank you to the seller. <end>
 B000J4KKF2  Sterling Silver Genuine Citrine Stone Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  pretty  These earrings look nice. The stones are a bit smaller than I imagined and much brighter colour, same as the silver. But they have their charm. I love the way they close! <end>  Adorable.  These earrings are simply adorable. Well made, very delicate. The silver is very white and bright and the Citrine stones are perfectly matched, they are a proper yellow, not orange like some lesser grade stones. The lever back closure guarantees you won't lose them. <end>
 B000J4KLTM  Sterling Silver Flower Vine Etched Drop Design TearDrop Earrings ||	  Beautiful and lightweight  So far I have loved every item I have gotten from Silverspeck. I wasn't too sure about these when I ordered them because I usually don't wear dangling or heavy earrings. But these are so lightweight I hardly even notice them. Plus the etching on them is beautiful. Another win Silverspeck!! <end>  Just beautiful  So I bought these for my niece for Christmas, but am totally tempted to keep them for myself. They are very nice and solid in the back, so a good weight to them. I haven't tried them on yet, but I really like them. <end>
 B000J4KMDM  Genuine Freshwater Cultured White Coin Pearl LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Ugliest pearl earrings...  Very disappointed with these earrings, but you get what you pay for. They are large and flat and are just plain ugly. <end>
 B000J4KME6  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Genuine Peridot and Diamond Accent Hoop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  Purchased these earrings as a Mother's Day gift for our 82 year old mother. She absolutely loved them and has been wearing them everyday since. <end>
 B000J4KMFA  18K Gold over Sterling Silver 70mm Tube Drop Earrings ||	  Sexy Earrings  These earrings are lightweight, long and sexy. I have long blonde hair and I love having earrings that don't get lost in my hair. When I wear these, they still show even when I wear my hair down. In fact they compliment my hair and just look sexy. <end>
 B000J4KMNM  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Filigree Circle Dangle Earrings ||	  Gorgeous  These earrings are gorgeous! I bought them for a friend as a graduation gift, and I am about to reorder them for myself! I am amazed. The picture doesn't do them justice. Very classy and sophisticated. The prefect size! I can't wait for my own pair to arrive!!! <end>  These are lovely, but be aware...the posts are esily snapped off  Very exotic and dainty. Look like real gold. The only thing I would change is that I would make them a touch bigger. I am very much into the design of jewelry and this is perfect.It is later and I decided to wear these. As soon as I put the 1st one in my ear, the post broke off!!! The butterfly backs are too tight for the post. I am NOT HAPPY.I reordered these and wrote to the company telling them of my problem. They said they'd send me a new pair if I sent the defective ones back. They were even kind enough to send me a pre-paid postage label. The customer service is excellent and they obviously care. I really do recommend these earrings. Thank you SilverSpeck. <end>
 B000J4KN1S  14K Gold Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  Good service but...  Liked the style and customer service, but disappointed in the small size. <end>
 B000J4MJFQ  Sterling Silver Simulated Tanzanite CZ round Stud Earrings ||	  Beautiful Earrings  These are very close if not the exact same shade as real Tanzanite. Considering what the cost of a pair of real Tanzanite earrings would be in this size - well I'm extremely happy to have these as a substitute! I may even order a second pair as a back up because they are that pretty. Highly recommend. <end>
 B000J4MJM4  Silver Genuine Amethyst Stone Prong Set Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Simple and elegant  Simple and classy looking. I love smaller earrings...these are just right...a lovely deep purple color. They hang just a bit below the earlobe, which I like. Very glad I made this purchase. Often I have bought Silver Speck's jewelry, which is pretty and affordable. Enjoy! <end>
 B000J4MJTW  Genuine Carnelian, Tiger Eye and Reconstituted Turquoise Chip Earrings ||	  A++  Very well made, beautiful, and very affordable. These earrings are a great addition to my jewelry collection. I recommend this purchase. <end>  so pretty!  I love these, they are so pretty! I would definitely buy this product again as a gift for friends or family. <end>  Lovely earrings for the price!  I love these earrings and they are well made and a bargain at this price! <end>
 B000J4MKE6  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Bead Dangling LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  As shown  These earings are just as shown. I got them because I love amethysts and they were super cheap, but found that it looks more appropriate for a young girl than for an adult. But that is just a style thing, the earings look just like in the picture, after over a year the silver looks the same and they wear well. <end>  WYSIWYG !!  What you see is what you get. True to the colour, beauty and size as seen in the photo. <end>
 B000J4MKF0  Sterling Silver Genuine Soda Lite Bead Dangling LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  I love these earrings!  Soda lite is such a beautiful stone! With all of the natural variations, each stone is unique. These earrings go great with almost anything. An awesome deal for the money! <end>
 B000J4MKI2  Sterling Silver Dangling Bar Earrings ||	  love them  I would recommend this earrings to anyone who doesnt like very long earrings nor bulky. they are perfect!! i love.them! <end>
 B000J4MLJ0  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Diamond Accent Butterfly Dangle Earrings ||	  Beautiful Inexpensive And Cute...  These earrings are cute and made very well. Buying these little gems are A true delight. Your getting more bang for the buck and can't go wrong with these earrings. Perfect with A pair of skinny jeans. <end>
 B000J4MM6C  Sterling Silver Created Opal & CZ Past Present and Future Earrings ||	  Nice for the price  For the price paid, these are nice earrings but they are larger than they appear in the illustration and the lab-created opals look a little "too" lab-created in bright light. Also, the posts are super long so if you forget to take them out before you go to bed they poke into your head. I bought them when they were on sale for around $15 to go with a much more expensive opal and diamond pendant from Blue Nile so they really suffer from the comparison. On their own they are much more appealing. <end>
 B000J4MPMI  Sterling Silver Genuine Rose Quartz Stone Bali Bead Oval LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Great as a gift, great for yourself, really cheap!  I love these, and the necklace that matches. I bought a set for my sister, then for myself and my niece. They are really gorgeous and very elegant as a set. Cannot say enough about them! <end>  casual, yet elegant  Nice earrings, with a simple garment they look casual, with an elegant outfit they look elegant too! A bit bigger than what they seem on the photo. Liked them very much. Thanks! <end>  Great pair of earrings!  These were bigger than I thought. Bought these for my daughter who has very sensitive ears. Wearing fake stuff that's not surgical steal, sterling silver, or gold she gets a major reaction. Happy to see that although the size was bigger than expected, they were not heavy. Beautiful pair of earrings for my 11 year old. <end>
 B000J4MPMS  Sterling Silver Created White Opal Bali Bead Oval Leverback Earrings ||	  Worth how much?  I will say that you get a little less than you pay for with these earrings. They look like a pair of walmart bargain bin earrings.... not worth the 38.00 with shipping that I paid. I am still going to use them as a gift only because I dont have time to replace them. <end>  Front fine back not so fine  I received the garnet earrings in the same style as a Christmas gift and by the end of January I had to take them to a repair shop to have the broken backs repaired. The earrings look great but you must be very gentle in putting them on. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These earrings are lovely, lightweight and a good size - not too small or large. They had to be backordered but were worth the wait. <end>
 B000J4MPU0  Vintage Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst Stone Bali Bead Dangle Earrings ||	  Sterl/Silver and Amethyst Earrings  I bought these earrings as a gift for a coworker and I was very pleased with their quality for the price! They were as beautiful in person as they were in the picture and the shipping speed from the company was good as well. The silverwork, though unploished, is dainty and attractive and the stones were well fitted and well facetted. I was extremely pleased with this purchase and my coworker seems to love them as well, she wears them frequently. <end>
 B000J4MR4Y  Sterling Silver Man In The Moon Earrings ||	  Lovely and light weight  I bought these for my Mother for Mother's day...along with several other things...for earrings she could wear everyday. Lightweight, go with anything, but eyecatching. Anyone who has a nickel allergy knows that some earrings make your ears sore or itchy...some times they're the ones you love and you've just worn them a bit too long. In order to keep your piercings open you need to wear something light to give your ears time to rest and heal. These are perfect! <end>
 B000J4MTGA  Sardelli - 14k Gold 2.5mm Cultured Pearl Earrings ||	  2 mm pearl stud earrings  The item was as advertised both in size and quality. I am very pleased.These small pearl earrings are difficult to find. <end>
 B000J63IMM  Sterling Silver Genuine Cabochon Blue Topaz Heart Locket Pendant ||	  Beautiful quality; affordable  I recieved the locket quickly, only a couple days of ordering. I like this especailly because even though it was affordable, it looks excellent. The size of the locket is just right to wear and big enough for a good picture on each side. The only thing was the description didn't say it had a chain with it (it does). <end>  Nicer than it looks  This is a beautiful and affordable piece of jewellery. It looks a lot better in real life the photo doesn't do it justice. Comes with chain as mentioned in other reviews.Delivery was faster than the estimated time also which was great.Overall a very pretty locket. <end>  Very nice little locket!  Locket looks very nice, though I'm not sure how long the finish on it will last. The picture is deceiving if you think that the gem on the front sits smoothly on the surface, as it does not. It actually sticks out in a little forward tube that you cannot see in the picture. Over all though, very nice for the price! <end>
 B000J6G2B6  2 1/4" ,56mm Diameter 2.0mm Thick , Hoop Earrings. 4.34 Grams of Sterling Silver. ||	  Large but not too large  I purchased these in error thinking they were a smaller size, but I wore them a few times and after a few compliments don't have a problem with the size. I had always worn the 1 5/8" and now I have both. Enjoy! <end>  Depends what you are looking for...  These earrings are very thin hoops, which I knew from the product description. They are hollow and not polished or shiny. They are very lightweight. It all depends what you are looking for, I guess, as to wether or not these will suit you. I do not prefer dull looking sterling, so these were a disappointment. <end>
 B000J6G2CU  1 1/4" 29mm Diameter 3.0mm Thick . Hoop Earrings. 2.89 Grams of Sterling Silver ||	  Classy silver hoops  These hoops are excellent! They appear to be a substantial amount of silver, yet are extremely lightweight. Shiny and very basic, to wear with just about anything. My ears are sensitive to earrings that are heavy and move a lot. These don't bother me at all, and I forget I'm wearing them. <end>
 B000JCBUYO  PalmBeach Jewelry 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Cable-Chain Extender 3&quot; ||	  Good product but has very large links  This extender is a good product for the price. However, the links and clasp are very large compared to other chains I own and I couldn't use it on several of my necklaces because the clasp would not fit onto the smaller chains. <end>  wrong item  I did not receive a 3 inch gold extender when I ordered this.... I received a 2.5 inch cheap looking silver extender that did not have a ball on the end. The item number on the box and the item number on the packing slip matched the item number on the Amazon.com webpage for the gold extender.... I e-mailed Palm Beach and when I had not received a responce by the next afternoon I called them ( I needed the extender for an event in 4 days). The customer service representative told me they were out of the gold extenders, said they were on backorder. I have a 3 inch silver extender with the ball on the end from Palm Beach and like it, if I had received another silver extender like that I would have not complained, I received a piece of junk from Palm Beach.Update...I emailed Palm Beach about the wrong item and they said they were sending me a gold necklace extender. Today I received yet ANOTHER silver necklace extender with the item number 44139 on the box and with the packing slip saying it was item 44139 the gold necklace extender. The wrong item I received today is the silver necklace extender with the ball on the end (the same style as the the gold I ordered)....I like this silver extender and have ordered a gold extender from another company on Amazon. <end>  it works  Bought this to lengthen a beautiful necklace that was too small for my large neck. It works fine as the links are fairly large & is the same color gold. arrived very fast. <end>  Almost what I needed.  The necklace that I ordered this for is almost twice as big as this extender, so it didn't work for that necklace, but it's very nice and I will keep for future use. <end>
 B000JD265A  Sterling Silver Black Circle Link Bracelet ||	  Very nice  I wear this bracelet quite frequently. It's not too heavy and I find it very attractive. Nice quality also. <end>  Nice  I got this bracelet for my sister it is beautiful and not to ligth <end>
 B000JE7CTY  14K Ruby & Diamond Cross Pendant With 16 inch Chain ||	  Great quality!  I ordered this pendant as a gift for a friend. It came quickly and packaged in a beautiful wooden box. I ended up having to return the item only because her husband had gotten her a similar one. The return was simple, easy and the communication with the vendor was excellent! I would definitely shop from "CoolStyles" again! <end>
 B000JE7DCA  Diamond Initial Pendant "A" in 14k White Gold Gift Box Set with 16in. chain ||	  smaller than you might think  The chain is very very think and fragile-looking--more metal thread like than chain. The necklace is, overall, smaller than what one expects of a usual necklace. <end>  gorgeous!!  this pendant is beautiful!! just a little sparkle around your neck.perfect to wear every day. <end>
 B000JE7DIO  Pearl Diamond Pendant ||	  So sweet, gorgeous and innocent looking  I ordered this necklace as a birthday present for my 18-year old cousin. I was looking for something really small and "innocent" looking. And I've found just that. The picture show here doesn't do the necklace justice. It is really beautiful, with a really thin and smooth golden chain. The pearls are very lustrous, but the diamond is not the whole "dot" that you see in the picture here. It is surrounded by white gold(?) metal accents to look bigger, but is still very attractive. Combined with the matching earrings, this is a perfect addition for anyone, especially those who are looking for small, not "yelling-at-you" jewelry. <end>  Great price for a great quality!!  I just bought 3 necklace for my nieces and i couldn't be happier! The pearls are all prefect and the whole necklace is very well made. The diamond is tiny, but still very nice! It's a prefect gift and I think a wonderful buy! <end>  Love this pendant!  I am so happy with this purchase-the pearls are beautiful and the chain is easy to put on.I really like the choices given in the lenght of the chain.I'll be back! <end>
 B000JEA7S2  3/4 Carat Sapphire Cross Pendant in 14k Yellow Gold with 16in. chain ||	  prettier than the on-line picture  I was surprised at how dramatic yet clean-lined the design was. The saphires were darker colored an more intense than I anticipated. A very good value to my mind, although I don't buy jewlery much so I'm not a good judge of price. <end>
 B000JEA80O  14K Pearl & Diamond Pendant ||	  Wel made, not Cracker-Jack  For the money & value, I'm very happy with the item and so is the wife. It is real gold, diamond & pearl and fit into my weak-assed budget for a 30th anniversay gift rather well. Roll Tide. <end>
 B000JEA9RG  Delicate Diamond (.10 ctw) Cross Pendant in White Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Really small  I have purchased this pendant years ago and still own it today. It's a small pendant and the diamonds are not that sparkly. <end>  Pretty Necklace  I purchased this necklace for my daughter for Christmas and she loved it! It came quickly and was packaged in a pretty box. The necklace is definitely a good value for this price. Buyers should pay attention to the size which is noted in the description. The picture portrays the necklace as being much larger. However, the size of the necklace is accurately described in the description. <end>
 B000JEC2OO  1/2 Carat Ruby & Diamond Cross Pendant in 14k Yellow Gold With 16 inch Chain ||	  picture does not do it justice  Very beautiful and sparkles well.... Chain could be nicer and it is only about 15 or 16 inch... But the pendant is better than the blurry picture shows...She will love it.... <end>
 B000JEC5WI  Petite Diamond (.10 ctw) Cross Pendant in 14k White Gold with 16in. chain ||	  Cross pendant  Looked alot more substantial in the photo. It is a nice delicate item sale price was good but would be expensive if full price. <end>
 B000JEFTD0  Children's Pink Freshwater Cultured Pearl Necklace and Earring Set with Sterling Silver Clasp, 14" ||	  so so  beautiful color, but very small in size, i guess i should have checked he pearl size first instead of just looking at the picture <end>  Nice Necklace  My daughter likes the necklace, that was more important to me. I recommend this product as it nice in quality, look and in price too. This looks same as what advertised and quality is also good.Also happy with Amazon delivered within time. <end>
 B000JELYJ8  Rembrandt Charms Roller Skates Charm ||	  a bit small, but my mother loves it  I purchased this for my mother who loves rollerskating and she really likes this too, but it is a bit small; the size listed is accurate, so don't be frightened off, just don't expect people to know what this is from a distance. <end>
 B000JF1N6Q  Southwestern Native American Handcrafted Bear Paw Stud Earrings in Sterling Silver and Turquoise, #2399 ||	  Southwestern Native American Handcrafted Bear Paw Earrings  The Southwestern Native American Handcrafted Bear Paw Earring set was a gift for my daughter-in-law and she loved the fact that it was authentic Native American handcrafted. <end>
 B000JFA1U0  Earrings Ball Post - 14k White Gold Polished 4mm Ball Post Earrings ||	  Don't bother  Not what I expected. I lost the backing to one of the earrings within 2 wks- it was always a little loose. I would rather buy something like this at a store so I can inspect the merchandise. Better luck next time... <end>  Quite a bargain  These studs are well made, highly polished, and a bargain for 14k gold. My teenager and her friends are mad about them! These studs are great for the cartilage as well as the earlobes. <end>
 B000JFHOAA  Ruby & Diamond Cross Pendant 14k Gold Ladies New Chain ||	  Perfect description  I was pleased with this pendant when I received it. The description online helped me to determine the exact size etc and it was very accurate. I didn't want anything to big or heavy and this item was perfect! The only dissapointment I have is in the chain that came with it. It is so thin that I wouldn't trust it to wear anywhere without fearing that I'd lose the pendant. We went out and got a more durable chain though and it's perfect! <end>
 B000JFJGOW  Southern Enterprises Inc. Richmond Jewelry Armoire ||	  don't buy this  the saying "you get what you pay for" does not apply here. i paid over $300 for this and the craftsmanship is horrendous. nearly every screw on the backside was installed crooked. the unit does not sit level. the space above the side doors is clearly different on each side. only one screw was used to secure the finger handle on one of the side doors so it swiveled...the other sign was fine. to top it off, when the unit arrived, the base that the legs attach to was detached...the dowel pins were sheered in half. i don't understand how someone can stay in business selling something of such poor quality. <end>  SEI Freestanding Jewelry Armoire  It broke before I could get it out of the box. I did manage to fix it, but the wood that holds the drawers in place came loose before it was put together also. I had to reglue them. It is very pretty though. <end>  Decent quality for the price  Nice armoire for the price. The finish could be a little neater, there were some drip edges at the bottom, but not noticeable unless you are looking for it. The drawers don't slide as nicely as they should. It was shipped well packed, and unpacked without any problems. Love the style and design. Only wish that one drawer was dedicated to rings rather than the small top section. All in all, decent for the price. <end>  Great company!  Excellent item came in exactly as described. Very high quality for the price! I would definitely recommend this company and product to anyone looking for a great deal!!! <end>  Great deal  This is a well made jewelry armoire. It it a great mahogany color and went together very easily. My wife is very picky and she found nothing wrong with it. Great product for the price. <end>
 B000JFKS30  St. Christopher Sterling Silver Medal Pendant, - 32mm, 20" Steel Necklaces & Pendants Chain. ||	  Christmas gift for someone special  It was just like the picture but when it gave the size I did not meaure that out and it was larger than I thought. My grandson was very happy with it. <end>
 B000JHIH0E  Gorgeous! Women's 14k White-gold 6x4MM=(1/2CT) Emerald-Shape Moissanite Solitaire Engagement Ring ||	  Small but sparkly and out of this world  Even though it is only 1/2 carat, this Moissanite ring still has the sparkle of a larger stone. The shape and size allows it to be worn as a ring for the right hand. It looks less like an engagement ring to me. I wanted a stone that originally came from outer space as this is a synthetic of some found in a meteorite! <end>
 B000JIJFV8  14k White Gold Round Diamond Stud Earrings (1/3 cttw, K-L Color, I3 Clarity) ||	  earrings  since these were only $49.00, I can't complain...the picture is misleading. It should be indicated in the description that the photo magnifies these earrings immensely <end>  Tiny Diamond Don'ts  Save your time, effort and money. The earrings came on time and were packaged nicely. However, there are major black spots in the diamonds themselves. It is almost as if someone dumped black pepper in the rocks. Even though the earrings are tiny, the blemishes interfere with the sparkle and therefore these lackluster diamonds appear even smaller ...and I would even go as far as to say that they look fake. It is too bad, it seemed like such a great deal. <end>  Came quick  Ordered these for my wife for christmas. They came on time, and look great! <end>  great earrings at a low price  although a little small they are great earrings. would by them again in a heartbeat. <end>  14k White Gold, Round, Diamond Stud Earrings (1/3 cttw, K-L Color, I3 Clarity)  Given the price these are a great buy. A pair of diamond studs in 14k white gold is very good. Worth the investment. <end>  DIAMOND IN THE ROUGH  Not much to say. They're the diamods that were pictured, my girlfriend iswearing them as of this writing.I'm hardly a diamond expert (except baseball diamonds where I used to make my living writing sports)but these looked pricey and not over-stated.I would buy them again but she has only two ears. <end>  Terrible dont waste your time  Go to a jewlery store and spend the extra money. Got these earings and returned them the next day. Cloudy, small, and overall bad quality <end>  Don't waste your money  The diamonds were very black, so what else is there to say. I sent them back. <end>  Very nice! 2 out of 3 were keepers!  After reading previous reviews, I purchased 3 of these from gold box for $49 each.... I loved two of them - GORGEOUS! and the third set was as dull and greasy grey looking as earwax.When they're good, they're GREAT! <end>  COLOR  The color is poor. Not being a jeweler, was not familiar with the grading process. <end>  review  my daughter was pleased with the quality of the earrings (this was a christmas gift to her) <end>  Dark and cloudy  Even from a few feet you can tell these earrings are cloudy with a darkish hue to them. I mean I guess they are decent for a starter set but if you want something impressive, these aren't it. <end>  worth the price  I got my earrings yesterday, and for the price, they are not bad. If you're looking for something inexpensive as a starter set, then these are definitely worth it. <end>  they are like glass  I am very disappointed with this item in that thay don't shine at all, they just look like glass. <end>  Pure Crap  Thse earrings arrived very quickly but my joy turned to disbelief when I opened the box. The diamonds were milky white with ZERO sparkle or shine and the inclusion on one of the arrings was at the very top, surface level. Was impossible to miss. Keep looking; DO NOT buy these. <end>  Simply Horrible  If there was 0 star, I would have given 0 star instead of 1 star. This earrings are horrible and 1000 times smaller than what looks in pic. I had bought engagement ring from Amazon and had a great experience so went for this one. But ended up returning this item as soon as I got it. Even for 10 bucks I wouldn't buy these earrings. <end>  Its a froud  If I'd have seen the product before I did not pay more than US5...The metal (gold?) cuality is poor... And the stone... withe and sturdy... There's no beuty at all in these earrings. <end>  earrings  seller was very co-operative when problems arose with shippingwas very pleased with earrings <end>  Got what I paid for  The price was too good to be true. Although the size of the diamonds is accurate, they lack sparkle. My CZ's are prettier. Fortunately, these were for my 17 year old daughter. I didn't to spend a great deal in case she lost one. I wouldn't recommend buying any diamonds that fall this low on the color scale. <end>  EARRINGS  I just purchased these earrings for my wife for Christmas. They are so small they can hardly be seen. Then I looked them up again on Amazon to show my wife what I bought and saw the reduced price.Need I say I feel I got screwed!!!! <end>  Great entry level diamond purchase  I purchased these earrings for my daughter's 20th birthday. She's always wanted some "real diamonds" so I've shopped around for something we could afford on our budget but also something which has quality. I figured if she liked these she or I would maybe purchase some others in the future.I asked her recently what she thought of the earrings. She said they were great and very fine. She just got a third piercing in her ears and will most likely wear them for formals and going out plus to church.This is a great gift for a college student who likes to dress up and look nice. <end>  small, but nice!  This ear-rings are nice. They are small, but the color was fine. And it is white gold surrounding the ear-rings.Great for a girlfriend, or daughter.I don't give it 5 stars, because even if you know that the photo is bigger than the actual size... once you get them, it looks soooo smal... but for the price it is a very good deal. I have seen the same ear-rings, same clarity and size on jewelry shops, and it was much more expensive (I mean, over $150!!). <end>  dull  These earrings were dull in color and cloudy in clarity.They were, however, very cheap at the time of purchase, so it was worth the money at that time.Still own, but only take them out of my jewelry box once every 6 months. <end>  Not Great.  After purchasing these for my girlfriend I realize I should have spent twice as much (I believe these were around $90 at my time of purchase). I knew they would be smaller, perhaps better suited for a second hole but I was disappointed by their quality. They aren't very bright or clear. I probably would have been better off buying quality fakes at the same price or less. <end>  Very Pleased for the Price  I was extremely pleased with the earrings for under $100. They were very sparkly when I put them on. After reading some of these very bad reviews, I expected to have to send them back, but that didn't happen. These were bought as a gift for someone else and, after seeing them, I may order some for me! <end>  stunning studs  The clarity and workmanship is excellent. I am very pleased to get such quality for an even better price. <end>  Diamond Stud Earrings  EXACTLY what I wanted! Perfect size for the "2nd hole" in my earlobes. Great value for the money. <end>  14k White Gold, Round, Diamond Stud Earrings (1/3 cttw, K-L Color, I3 Clarity  I purchased 4 sets of these diamond stud earrings so that I could give two sets to each of my two youngest daughters. Overall I believe that they are a good buy due to the high cost of good quality diamonds. In my opinion, this quality diamond should only be purchased in very small diamonds. Otherwise, the inclusions would be too noticeable. Of the 4 sets I purchased, 2 sets were nice looking and definitely keepers. The third set has some black that can be seen if in the light and using my reading glasses up close. From a foot or two away they sparkle and look fine. The forth set is very yellow compared to the first three sets and although the diamonds do not have very noticeable inclusions, this could be due to the fact that they are very cloudy. I called Amazon, and they were very accommodating in allowing me to ship the forth set back at their expense. I told them that although I was a little disappointed in the third set, I would retain them as a back-up set for my daughters because they did fit the definition of diamonds of this quality. However, in my opinion, the forth set did not fit the description and should be returned at their expense. Amazon agreed and they will be shipped out later today. I believe that Amazon is the very best place to purchase diamonds of this quality. I paid $49 a set and locally the same quality diamonds in stud earrings would have been at least $99 to $149. Some of the local discount jewelry stores charge a 20% restocking fee if you return the earrings.I rated these diamonds 4 stars for value and I would not hesitate to purchase diamonds from Amazon again. <end>  Nice earrings for the price, good quality diamonds.  With this inexpensive grade of diamonds, visible flaws are very likely, as are off-colors. Maybe I lucked out, but the 1/3 cttw stones in these earrings were surprisingly bright and clear to the unaided eye.The slightly smaller size of 1/3cttw may make these flaws less apparent. Your results may be hit-or-miss depending on your particular stones. Mine was more hit than miss, so I gave these pretty earrings to my wife. I also got a pair of the 1/2 cttw diamonds (very similar but more expensive) 14k White Gold, Round, Diamond Stud Earrings (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity). That pair was dull and cloudy, as shown by shining a flashlight into the stones, so they were returned.Amazon's lenient return policy applies equally to jewelry, of course.For me at least, these 1/3 cttw earrings worked well. Recommended. <end>  Wonderful earings  I just received my earrings this morning. I am not very experienced at buying diamonds, but I think these earrings really look great. When I put them on in the bathroom the vanity lights made them sparkle like crazy. I did not see any black marks and I could see the through the stone, so I don't think they are too cloudy. Every time I get nice earrings I loose the back (and sometimes the earring with it), but the backs on these are very secure. For $39.99 they are definitely worth it. <end>  Great Purchase  I bought these earrings as a gift for my sister. I thought that they would be a perfect birthday gift. Long story short she loved them. She said they are not too big nor too small. She also said that they shine beautifully when she wears them. <end>  Poor Quality  The price was the only thing that was good about these earrings.The earrings arrived very quickly and nicely packaged, but the quality of the diamonds were very poor. They looked dark and gray and not much sparkle. The white gold looked like pewter, not even silver gray. The picture on the website made them look clearer and shinier, which these were not!I will return them immediately. <end>  VERY poor quality  Numerous flaws. Very dark, no sparkle. They are being returned today. Maybe other positive reviewers got a better batch. The ones we got are not worth $1 as you wouldn't want your loved one wearing these. <end>  Not worth your money. No sparkle dirty non-gem quality diamonds.  I ordered these for my GF and had to then ship them to her for her birthday as she is in another state. I should have known better. A friend once told me you CAN NOT get a deal on diamonds, they have an inherent value. You can definately over pay but you can't get a deal. So if you are looking for a deal, this isn't it. You get what you pay for or even less in this case.I should have known better and not mailed them, but I didn't have time to go shopping.The diamonds are small;I knew they would be. I am not complaining about the size.They are dirty diamonds. They have several large visible inclusions. They have absolutely no sparkle. I went outside and was hoping to get a little sparkle. Nothing.She was very nice when she got them. She didn't complain and was very thankful. Then one day we got into a fight and she told me the truth. She cried when she got them. Not because of excitement. But because she thought I didn't love her enough to get her something nice. The truth is I lost my job and really can't afford anything more. She wore them only once when she went to her Birthday dinner with her family. She was embarrassed. No one commented at how beautiful they were. In truth, because they are not.These diamonds are not gem quality. I do not think Walmart even sells diamonds of this low quality.Save your money and buy something else. There are hundreds of other items on Amazon. <end>  Do Not Buy  There was no sparkle, they were dull and cloudy so I returned for a refund. <end>  Beautiful  I just received them today..They were exactly what I expected..They have a nice shine..Thank you so much.. <end>  Industrial grade stones, and are treated. buyer beware.  These stones are bottom of the barrel in quality. Add in the fact that they are advertised as being treated, and you have a recipe for separating your hard earned money on "disposable jewelry." The diamonds are definitely not attractive, with major flaws and not a good buy at any price. This type of material should not be sold on Amazon because it supports dubious practices of jewelers to sell inferior grade stones to the public thinking they are getting a good buy. These are not. Educate yourself against these practices and buy a diamond book. They are selling a few on here which I have found to be of great educational value. <end>  Diamond earrings  Not a bad product, but a little smaller than I expected. The clarity and certainly the overall is worth it. <end>  Earings  Gave them as a gift and she loved them... no problems with delivery at all was pretty fast. Overall was very happy! <end>  You get what you pay for.  I did not know anything about Clarity, Cut, or Color until now. This prudusct is exactly as advertised. If you do not konw what the different ratings are then do not buy it. <end>  simple and versatile  I wore these earrings on my wedding day, and I wear them to work as well. They look great. Sure, the diamonds aren't perfect quality, but mine sparkle beautifully and I can't tell the difference. Terrific value for the money. Nice size, small but nicely visible. These were exactly what I was looking for. <end>  Not bad, but not great either...  The diamonds are smaller then expected but look pretty good. They are not as bright as expected either but they still are reasonable for their price. Overall they deserve 3 stars and could be better, but could be worse as well. <end>  1/3 cttw Diamond Stud Earring  These earrings arrived soon after I ordered them and had the shine and luster you would expect to get from a high-end store. The clarity outshined the cost of the earrings. I would have expected to spend twice as much for similar earrings at the mall. <end>  Poorly matched, spotty quality  These earrings can be hit or miss. At this quality, flaws are expected, but one would expect the stones to at least match. However, at this size, you can't really tell how off they are unless you're closer up. I received one earring with a little spot in it and the other looked like it was about to bloom with mildew. I just needed something to keep the holes in my ears from closing up and they do the job admirably, but don't get these as a gift for someone special. <end>  Look good Poor pakaging  Unlike one of the other reviews the earings I got were good. The price was good although if you buy these you might want to by an earing case if you are giving them away as a gift. Mine arrived in a box and in the box was a little bag. I could feel the earings but I could not see them. The bottom of the little blue bag had several holes in the lining and they had slipped through. Other than that I felt that they were as good as I expected for the buck. <end>  As Expected  While I *hoped* to receive a better pair of diamonds, I did receive what was promised ... K color, I3 clarity. When I place this pair next to my F color VS1's, this pair looks gray and dull. The cut is poor -- uneven and not symmetric.This pair is a gift for my 16-yo niece for Xmas. I'm sure she'll love them ... and won't know the difference between these diamonds and better quality ones. <end>  GREAT PRODUCT  THIS WAS MY THIRTEEN YEAR OLD DAUGHTERS FIRST SET OF DIAMOND EARINGS.THEY WERE NOT TO LARGE PERFECT FOR A GIRLS FIRST SET SHE WARES THEM ALL THE TIME. THEY MATCHED THE DISCRIPTION NICE BUY FOR 65 DOLLARES. <end>  Better Half  These are for my Soul Mate, and the happier Mine is, the happier I am and so far Mine is very happy! Cool! <end>  A Good Gift  I bought this for my wife for our 3-year anniversary. I was pleased by how the earrings looked. My wife was happy. The only bad thing is that they were a tad small, but I was satisfied with the purchase. I recommend this gift. <end>  Horrible.. DO NOT Waste your time  Please don't make the mistake I did by ordering these earrings. I did not read the reviews of other people regarding these as I should have. They do not look at all like real diamonds. They do not sparkle. They honestly look like stones made out of plastic. Although, plastic might shine more than these.They are not worth the money at all! <end>  Do not order this item  The quality is simply terrible. They were so cloudy, you almost would have thought they weren't even diamonds. Also, one of the two had a black fleck in it too. <end>  Diamonds??? Are you sure???  DO NOT BUY THESE!! I bought them for my son's girlfriend for her 18th birthday. I find it very hard to believe that any jeweler would even sell these! They were literally grey with absolutely no sparkle. I read the mixed reviews, and hoped for the best since the price was so good, but I wouldn't give them to an 8 year old! Needless to say I now have to find something else to buy--I would never in a million years give out these earrings, not even to a child. They also didn't even come in a box--just loose in a little blue bag.Amazon should not even be selling these! <end>  Pretty earrings, nice price  I was a bit worried about buying this quality diamond, but the earrings I received are lovely. Their occlusions are not noticeable, they are petite and lovely. <end>  Very nice Diamond stud earings  These are a perfect size for an upper earing and are super for the price. I read the negative reviews and I am sure glad I did not follow there direction. They were given to my wife as a gift and she loves them. <end>  Poor color  I expected these earrings to be small but the color and clarity is much worse than I expected. The diamonds look milky white and have not sparkle. I would not spend a dime on this piece. <end>  Worst looking diamond I have ever seen  I saw the negative reviews and, despite them, decided to give these a shot. The second I took them out of the package I knew that they were going right back. These are UTTERLY the worst looking diamonds I have ever seen, even for $99. I am not a diamond expert but a diamond should not a have milky white color.The good thing is Amazon makes returns easy... <end>  Everything I expected!  I was TOTALLY satisfied with this product, and would recommend to anyone that is considering a purchase! <end>
 B000JIJTF0  14k White Gold Diamond and Freshwater Cultured Pearl Flower Pendant, 18" ||	  simply beautiful  This is probably not a top piece of jewelry, but for the price it deserves all the 5 stars. The pearl is shiny and cute; the diamonds, although not of the highest clarity (as very clearly stated in the chart) sparkle with unobtrusive taste. On top of that, the white gold chain is very delicate and elegant. I love to see this charming jewel on my wife. She seems very happy about it too. Thanks to Amazon for bringing this quality stuff to us customers. <end>  Amazing quality, elegant and dainty  My boyfriend tucked this little beauty into my Christmas stocking this year. The pendant is even prettier in person, so dainty and well made. The diamonds are very sparkly for their size. The chain length allows the pendant to lay just below the hollow of my throat. I love it! <end>  My wife loved it....  I gave this to my wife of 30 years on the beach on 10/15/07. We were married 30 years that day and she loved it. So simple and beautiful.My wife is the Queen of jewelry.... so this was a GOOD DAY  -)Thank you Amazon!!!D~ <end>
 B000JJHASW  14K Polished Swirls Toe Ring - QG-D1967 ||	  Better Than Expected.  It's nice to receive a product that is even better than what was expected. <end>
 B000JJIOA0  16 Inch Long 4mm Diameter Black Rubber Cord Necklace w/Sterling Silver Clasp ||	  Rubber necklace  Good product. I was looking for something like that to use with different pendants, and this was exactly what I was looking for. The only downside is that the loop in the pendant has to be large enough to pull this necklace through. Otherwise I am happy with it. <end>  Looks and feels great!  I wear this with a sterling crucifix and get compliments on it all the time! Highly recommended! I think I'll buy another longer one. <end>  Great cord for pendants!!  This cord came to me extremely fast and was the perfect length for a pendant I just got when traveling in Turkey....It is made extremely well, with a great sterling silver fastener. <end>
 B000JJLJD4  14K Claddaugh pin/tie tack - C1750 ||	  Lost tie tack  I just called my father-in-law in another state to ask how he liked the tie tack we sent him and he said he never got it. How do I contact the jeweler to find out what happend to it. <end>
 B000JJQLW8  14K White Gold 0.04 ct. Diamond and 1/2 ct. Multicolor Sapphire Ring ||	  Gorgeous ring  I am very pleased with this ring, it is beautifully detailed and is a great option if you are looking for a good quality, classical diamond ring that colored elements without going overboard. It has a solid feel and a great sparkle. Good service of the seller as well, quick in responding and helpful. Great. <end>
 B000JKLL7W  14k White Gold Large (L) Size 5mm Ball Stud Earrings, Perfect Fit Tight Closure Earnut, Hypoallergenic ||	  Won't buy these again  This was my second pair of earrings. The back became loose and I lost one of the earrings. I thought that I had done something wrong. I liked the size, price and they were white gold. So, I purchased another pair. After about 2 weeks of wearing the earrings. The back became loose and I lost another earring.My inexpensive earrings went from $25 to $50. I'm not buying another pair. I decided I'd save money buying a more expensive pair <end>
 B000JKXYF4  Pugster 316l Surgical Steel Heart Red Light Topaz Yellow Black Rhinestone Crystal Body Jewelry Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Belly button ring  My daughter ordered the ring because she thought the post was sterling but turns out it's not?But it's beautiful. <end>
 B000JL560O  Jewish Star of David with a Chai in the Center - D893 ||	  jewelry review  Jewish star was purchased for my adult son. Although it is attractive, it is much too flimsy for a man to wear. I was very disappointed with the weight of the star, also. It appear in the picture to be a more substantial piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000JLCZVC  Surgical Steel Flat 6mm Wedding Band Thumb Ring Comfort-Fit Matte Finish, sizes 7 - 14 ||	  Nice quality for the money  Unlike the other auction site when the seller published "comfort fit" it actually meant comfort fit. A++ <end>  Perfect.  I received the ring in just a couple days and my husband loved it. It was for our 11th (steel/fashion jewelry) anniversary so this was perfect. You can't beat the price and the comfort band is very, uhh... comfortable. However, because of the comfort band, you will probably want to get a half size smaller than you normally would. <end>  No frills, super fast shipping  This ring was exactly what I was looking for  very simple, stainless steel, rectangular. The ring is very comfortable, the inside rounded edge feels great, just be aware that it could be a little slippery. If you're iffy between halfsizes, choose the smaller one.One note, the rectangular edge is slightly sharp - it's an exact right angle - so it has the ability to scratch.I orded my ring on friday night, and got it in the mail monday. Incredible shipping!! <end>  Pleasantly surprised!  My husband liked the ring and he is very picky. The ring we received didn't have any sharp edges like some of the other buyers claimed, however, it does run a bit big. <end>  Pleased with my purchase  I am very happy with the ring; it is simple and rugged, yet looks "special" enough to be my wedding band. The metal scratches easily and has shown significant wear in just 4 weeks. Still, the satin finish has remained intact. Only the inner edge is comfort curved so the outer edges can feel a bit rough against the fingers until you get used to it.I purchased the ring a half-size small (10.5) based on comments read in other reviews. It was still pretty loose, but no big deal. For fun I ordered the exact same ring (based on product description) a half-size smaller (10) to see if it would fit better... it did. However, I was shocked to see the new ring looked different from my original order; it was wider and thicker. I measured the two rings, both of which were supposed to be 6mm in width. My original ring was 5mm, the new ring was 6mm. I actually prefer the smaller width and less snug fit.Overall, it is a great ring at a great price. It fit the bill for what I was looking for and saved me a large chunk of change compared to jewelery stores. <end>  Just a ring  Just a ring but a nice simple one nicely finished buying experience a smooth one product came I a nice little box with enough protection, I recommend this ring to any one looking for just a ring simple and elegant to were any time <end>  Surgical steel ring  I am happy that I got the comfort fit. It is strong and was a great price. I lost so much weight I needed something to wear so people would know I was married. I could not wear my wedding band any more for it was to big this has done a great job. <end>  Perfect!  I ordered this to be my own replacement wedding ring. It is exquisitely well made, very attractive and comfortable. It's very modern looking and chic. Either sex can wear it. The edges are NOT sharp. The interior is smooth as cream, and the exterior has a satiny luster. It's weighty and substantial, but not overly-large. It looks rich. It is shinier than it looks in the picture. <end>  Mixed feelings  Well to start, I LOVE the satin finish. However, mine came with a few notches and dents in it. Also the "flat" finish creates a sharp edge at the end of the ring, and it scratched/cut up a lot of soft materials that came into contact with it (leather, rubber, my steering wheel, gear shifter, etc). It would be nice if the edge was sanded/filed down a little to get rid of the sharpness. I also agree with another review of this ring in that the "comfort fit" feature design makes the ring looser on the finger and its best to get a half size smaller to compensate. But I love the satin finish and comfort fit design <end>  steel band ring  its a very nice ring you cant go wrong for the money cheap but could easy cost you 30 dollars in a store <end>  nice product  the product is very nice although not as wide as I it looked in the picture <end>  Sweet and afforable  made it my wedding ring...simple, classic, durableIt scratches...but it has character that way-if you like that kind of thing.BK <end>  Nice ring  I ordered this ring in a 9. It was to big. I ordered this ring in an 8.5. It was the exact same size as the 9. Now I have 2 rings that are too big. But, they look nice and are very comfortable. <end>  Good item for the price  The edges are a little sharp, but my boyfriend says it's not in any way uncomfortable. He loves it and it's incredibly durable. It's a really great price for what you get! <end>  Great Ring, Great Price!  It is near impossible to find a men's plain band in an inexpensive metal at any normal department or jewelry store. We used this band as my husband's wedding band. It has a really hip, casual look, and it is light and fits him perfectly. We saw it as a waste of money to buy a platinum or palladium band when this one looked great. We spent the money we would have spent on a ring on a new flat screen TV instead! <end>  Ring looks great  This ring looks great, but the outside edge is very sharp. On occasion has given small "paper" like cuts. But it really looks nice and is very well made. <end>  ring  got it to us within 4 days or so. quality of the ring is good... overall, just a great purchase at a good price. <end>  AMAZING  This was a great product. I returned it because I ordered the wrong size and when I did, I found something, by the same company, that I liked better. The company handled my return well and shipped the ring to me exactly when they said they would and therefore, I am very pleased. I will order from them again in the future. <end>
 B000JLMIQE  14k Yellow Gold Medium (M) size threaded 4mm Ball Stud Earrings, HypoAllergenic ||	  what I wanted  simple and elegant earrings. with a screw back, I can comfortably sleep while wearing them. <end>  Lost one post within the first day  The product was beautiful! But the post came unscrewed during the first night I slept in them and I now only have one earring.... $40 down the drain. <end>  Everyday wear!  These earrings are classy, simple, professional and best of all... they do not irritate my sensitive ears. No allergic reaction at all!Also genius, the rounded backs make it possible for me to sleep in my earrings without being prodded by sharp, pointy backings!I love these earrings. If this manufacturer sells any other rounded, screw-backed earrings I want them, ALL of them!Buy a pair for yourself,or buy them for a gift- they are perfection! <end>
 B000JLZX98  Pearl earrings, 'Eclipse in White' 0.7" W 2.4" L ||	  Fun earrings  I got these for a friend of mine. She has dark hair and a fun personality. I thought that she would enjoy wearing these. They are very nice with a fun quality to them. <end>
 B000JM4F1E  Stainless Steel Ladies Tubular Link Bracelet, 7.5 inch long ||	  pretty and shiny bracelet but big for my wrist  I ordered two of these for me and my friend, and received them just today. They came with a nice little box, which was a good surprise. The design is as it is shown in the picture, but more shiny than I expected, which is a good thing. As the other person commented below, this bracelet is perfect for both casual and dressy looks. The one thing I don't not like is the length of the bracelet. It is too long for me(the bracelet sits in the middle of my lower arm when I raise my hand). Maybe that is my fault for having a thin wrist lol, and it isn's that bad. I like it so far, but we will see how it lasts as time goes. <end>  nice bracelet, good value for the money  This bracelet exceeded my expectations. Very heavy, good quality. It can be dressed up or down and works for both casual and dressy situations. I like that it's stainless so it won't tarnish as badly as silver and the price was definitely right. <end>  Very stylish and good quality  This item was bought as a gift and i am very impressed with it. The quality of the product exceeded its price tag. It has been worn for about 3 weeks now and i haven't noticed any scratches so far. This is a really good buy. <end>
 B000JMG0P8  Sterling Silver Aum or OM Yoga Symbol Toe Ring or Pinky Ring ||	  this is wayy to small for my toes  i have tons of toe rings and this one is ridiculously small.. hurts to wear when stretched so i gave up.the quality, however is good. <end>  Good quality.  This ring is a good quality toe ring. It is the strongest I've purchased.I like the nice detail in the writing. It is small and beautifulThe con on this is the ring's manageability. Since the metal is strong and sturdy, it's hard to adjust the size to put on and take off. <end>  I like it, need small toes  You have to have the super skinny toes. Once I got it adjusted the way I needed it...it fit perfectly. Seems very strong and durable. Not cheaply made and very afforadable. <end>  A Great Choice  I never know what to get my daughter for her birthday. This year she gave me a list of CD's she wanted. I got her most of those, but wanted to add something she wouldn't be expecting. She wears toe rings, so I checked out the selections on Amazon. I found this great sterling OM toe ring. I knew she had considered getting this as a tattoo at one time, so I ordered it. When I got it, I thought it was of very good quality for the price and that she would like it. She did; very much! I would recommend it to anyone. Also the service from Silver Insanity was very good. The item came in pleanty of time for my daughter's birthday and the product was in excellent condition. <end>
 B000JNW8QW  Sterling and Turquoise Bead Drop Enhancer ||	  Pretty  This is what I'd hoped it would be. Love the opening bail - more pendants need to be made with opening bails. I bought 3 of these and gave 2 as gifts. Both were well received! <end>  OK, but not as pictured  "The enhancer I received was a light green turquoise which was fine. However, all three beads were monotone with no matrix/shading whatsovever. It looks fake and plastic. I have purchased several Relios items, and this is the first item I've received an item that is not as the photo depicted. I plan to keep it, but will use as a stocking stuffer." <end>  Awsome!  Bought two of these, thinking I might use for earrings. As it turned out one is green and the other is blue, so I use with matching turquoise beads I already had. Nice pendant for the price. Not real polished, more natural looking. I like all relios! Thanks for such great jewelry! Yhe one I have is an enhancer. ( opens up for various size beads etc.) <end>  BEAUTIFUL PENDANT  AS A PURCHASER OF NATIVE AMERICAN ART WORK, JEWELRY AND CRAFTS THIS IS AN EXCELLENT PIECE FOR THE PRICE. <end>
 B000JQM2IS  Dynamic cufflinks with horizontal accents of mother of pearl, lapis lazuli and onyx with presentation box ||	  Beautiful  Exactly what I expected. Smooth surface and very elegant without being over the top. The simple colors match most suits!The pearl is grainier than you might think as it appears to be a clear white line in the picture. The lapus also has tiny flakes of gold. <end>
 B000JQPJ6K  X - Sterling & Turquoise Bead Comfort Coil Bracelet ||	  A bracelet for a jewelry maker  My sister-in-law loves jewelry and loves the southwest. To intice her back to Arizona for a visit and to help fill her craving for wonderful bracelets, I sent her this lovely turquoise bracelet and invited her back any time. She loved the bracelet and was inspired to get back to her workshop (which has impeded her travels to AZ). The price is great too. <end>
 B000JRAH3E  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot cut-out Men's Ring Flawless Quality 1/2 inch wide, sizes 9 to 14 ||	  Celtic ring  The ring was very nice. Good quality silver, nice workmanship. Heavier than I thought it would be which was a plus. Outstanding response time in terms of mailing and receiving the item. Good buy for the money and an excellent, responsive company. <end>
 B000JRB9V8  Men's Jewelry, Sterling Silver Braided Bracelet, 'Dragon Power' 0.6" W 7.7" L ||	  Beautiful bracelet!  I love this bracelet. It arrived early and I have not taken it off. It is more detailed then I expected. I can see tongues in the mouths of the dragons. The one issue is the line up of the dragon heads. The heads twist a little due to the links so they do not line up unless you move the heads. However, I do not find this a big deal because it seems like one head is always watching me. This is a beautiful bracelet and very easy to wear. <end>
 B000JRENN4  Jessica's Choice Twin Strand Wood Beaded Chunky Collar Necklace ||	  Simple  This is a very simple piece of jewelry, but looks amazing with T-shirts and jeans. A must have for a casual look. <end>
 B000JRIBL4  Three Stone Princess Cut Diamond Ring 1/4ctw in White Gold - Size 5.5 ||	  Great Ring!  I purchased this as an engagement ring for my girlfriend. The ring arrived very quickly and was very beautiful. It is not a big ring but then again I didn't expect it to be. It is perfect for what I wanted it for. Quality of the ring looks great, no visible problems what-so-ever. I would recommend this ring to anyone looking for a great gift or engagement ring that won't break the bank. <end>  beautiful  I love it! it is really so beautiful. I got it almost a week sooner than the estimate they gave me and it is gorgeous. I would highly recomend them to anyone. Thank you! <end>  Diamond-Me  Anybody measured the weight of ring? I happened to do so several months later after I got it. It is 2.2 grams (size 7) instead of 4 grams as shown on the website. <end>  Ring too small  The overall price and description on line was good. However when it was received it was much smaller than expected. In the future can an actual life description be given. <end>  I love it!  My fiance got me this ring. It is beautiful! The shipping was fairly fast. The diamonds are perfect. It is a stunning ring! <end>  Excellent delivery time!  This was the fastest delivery I have ever received and I am also very well pleased with the product <end>  The one ring  The overall quality of the diamond was superb the only complaint that I have is that I ordered the ring with a size "8" instead I received a "7.5" size band. I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for that mistake, however, I will continue to order from Amazon.com <end>  nice ring  I got this as an engagement ring for my girlfriend and she loves it. I really don't care about the ring but if it makes a girl happy, it is a good ring. <end>
 B000JRQ06M  Tiffany's Choice Polished Wood Beaded Collar Necklace with Metal Accents ||	  only worn once  Although the necklace was advertised as wood with metal accents,the "metal" accents are so cheaply made that it's more appropriate for a child's dress-up game. And the wood is poorly sanded and cracked in places. It certainly doesn't look polished. I did wear it out once, but I probably won't again. <end>
 B000JS9J0K  Jodhpur Brass Metal Cuff Bracelet ||	  VERY BEAUTIFUL  This bracelet is as beautiful in person as it appears online. I've received several compliments. It is a great way to jazz up a casual outfit. <end>  Better Than Expected  Nvie designs has done it again with great service, excellent prices and gorgeous pieces. I'll buy from them again. <end>  bracelet  I never ordered this item, never received it and have never even seen it's picture. Where do these items come from? I have received several request to rate items I have never ordered. However, it's cute. <end>
 B000JSFY4K  Cochi Brass Metal Cuff Bracelet ||	  Metal cuff  I bought this bracelet for my nine yr old daughter and she loves it! The metal cuff is just as it appears in the photo. Good quality. I would like to have one of my own. <end>
 B000JTMTNS  Onyx Barrel Pendant, 14k Gold ||	  springfling  This item is lovely and well worth the money. It was actually larger than what I thought it would be, but nice all the same. I would order from this company again. <end>
 B000JUFU6U  Daughter of Eve Necklace in Red from the Artazia Collection #682D JN HN ONK ||	  Beautiful  I only gave this 3 stars because it wasn't what I expected it to be. I returned the necklace and the company was very good about refunding my money. Their greatest goal is 100% customer satisfaction. <end>  Obsequio para Cumplea&ntilde;os  Escogi esta prenda para regalarsela a mi madre por su cumplea&ntilde;os.Es una prenda sencilla, tal cual como se visualiza en el portal. La calidad es muy buena, los detalles y colores hacen que sea perfecta para llamar la atencion.Le encanto el regalo y ahora lo lleva puesto todos los dias!!!Recomendado!!! <end>
 B000JUK52O  White Dove Necklace from the Artazia Collection #684 JN NN ONK ||	  Magnificently unique  The fine detail of this pendant makes it so precious. It is a little piece of art. It is even more beautiful in person. The chain is too short but that is the case for most products that include the chain. On a longer chain it is awesome. <end>
 B000JUP4WU  Cultured Freshwater Pearl with 3/8 ct. Sapphire and 0.04 ct. Diamond Pendant in 14K White Gold ||	  Must have in woman's jewelry collection  Jewelry is always close to the heart of every woman and that is why I decided to get a diamond pendant for my wife on her birthday. When I browsed to check for a suitable pendant on Amazon I noticed the Katarina diamond pendant. I was impressed by the image displayed. It was actually made of freshwater pearls, sapphire and diamond set in white gold. The pendant was more attractive in real than in picture. My wife could not contain her surprise looking at the pendant and she thanked me for adding one more to her collection. <end>  Pretty pendant, just a few concerns  First of all, this item came lightening quick as in faster than my 2 day Prime membership so I was most impressed w/ that (it came 24 hours after I placed my order). Not sure if that is this company's norm, but in my case, that is what happened.  )Next - came in very pretty box = nice presentation. I had no issues w/ knotted chain or anything like that.3rd - the pendant itself is very pretty and sparkly. It is what I would call a dainty size, but I expected that based on the video. I am a bit disappointed in the box chain's size - it is the smallest box chain I have EVER seen. I own many box chains as that is my preferred style and in my opinion, it definitely looks smaller than what is depicted in the pics and video.4th - the price on this item seems to change every few days. When I ordered it (12/30/12) it was $169.99. A few days later, it was $330. Now, its $249.89. Not impressed w/ the seller on this. The fact they have it listed as over $900 for retail - there is just not enough weight in the gold or size in the stones to justify that price in any way shape or form!All in all, I am happy w/ my purchase...for the price I paid. <end>  Poor quality/ service  Received the pendant twisted. It required untwisting with moderate force. I feared it would break. The chain did break with one wearing. Tried to return it but was only offered a refund. I like the pendant. I will keep it and get a new chain only because this was a gift from my husband. <end>
 B000JUZMFO  Bask Round Green Quartz Ring (size  6) ||	  Excellent color and fun ring.  I Bought this ring at Something Silver at Downtown Disney. It was last summer when the whole Pirates of the Carribean movie was hot. I really liked all the jewelry from that movie and when I saw this stone it reminded me of the Captain Jack Sparrow ring. I have worn it ever since and get ton of compliments. Everyone loves it. And it wears very well. Like I said I never take it off. Except to clean it once in a blue moon. <end>
 B000JVERTU  Pugster Striped Gold Heart Murano Glass Fashion Jewelry Pendants Necklaces For Women ||	  A gift I wish I'd kept for myself  A lot of class for glass jewelry, shipped extremely quickly and arrived in perfect condition - the picture didn't do it justice. Remarkably inexpensive for the quality - next time, I would order two, one for me. <end>
 B000JVR5ZI  Amber Hearts Beaded Long Collar Necklace ||	  cute, but...  when worn with the other necklaces that it is supposed to go with, it gets EASILY tangled... I also tried doubling up the necklace and it did OK, but once again it did get a little tangled up. <end>
 B000JVR602  Midnight Black Cubes Beaded Wire Collar Necklace ||	  Look closer at the picture of the item on Amazon  I was very disapointed in this item. Take a closer look at the picture on here you will see that even in this picture the links are not closed up. They were not on the 2 necklaces I ordered either. This thing falls apart, it is extremely dusty and the cubes are so pitted. The sides of the cubes are horrible too, not at all even looking. I wouldn't buy this again and sure would be returing the two I bought if I had time to order a new Christmas present. <end>  Took awhile to grow on me, but...  ...now I like it well enough.When I received this necklace a few weeks ago, I didn't know whether or not to be disappointed in the cubes. They are black, but look rather flat. By this I mean the color is matte; I have yet to determine what material from which they are made. Maybe some sort of plastic blend? The corners on some of the cubes are chipped. Ultimately, I decided the cubes looked well enough.The round beads are medium-dark gray glass and are translucent. They appear to have a pewter center.Small spacer beads are in between each round and square bead; they are shiny, and there is one of each of a light gray, a black, and an metallic navy color. The beads are strung on three thin wires.I wore this a few times, and it actually looks flattering with black, green and red casual clothes. I don't think I would wear this with anything excessively pretty or with a more expensive dress. I have received a couple of compliments on it...and I can say, I've never seen anyone wearing a necklace similar to this one.Approximate sizes -The cube is almost 1/2 inch on one side; the length is about 21" from one end to the other. <end>
 B000JVTIOE  Pearly Strand Collar Necklace with Emerald Glass Beads ||	  Good design  I bought several products from this seller, and this is one of my favorites by far!!! This is well worth the $3 price and it is very pretty, but still casual enough for every day. <end>
 B000JVTIQC  Amber Honey Square Resin Pendant Necklace with Yellow Pipe Beads ||	  Love the colors  This is really pretty. Love the colors.Not top quality, but price is great <end>
 B000JVTM54  Blood Red Ball Beaded Resin Collar Necklace ||	  Cheaply made, cheap product  You know when you order something online you hope or wish that it turns out to be a great product. But this product fails on so many levels. I just hate that I ordered this piece of junk.Also, I just hope that nobody else buys this. And there's a WEIRD SMELL. I had to throw it in the garbage. Can't GIFT this to anyone! <end>
 B000JVTM5E  Brass Collar Necklace with Braided Crochet Beads ||	  Unique Necklace  Brass Collar Necklace with Braided Crochet BeadsI have ordered several items from NVIE Designs and have been very pleased with every item. The jewelry is inexpensive, stylish, and ships quickly.The Brass Collar Necklace with Braided Crochet Beads is great. The colors go with Spring or Fall and it is a chunky peice which adds a bold look to simple tops. I wear mine with Jeans and T-shirt.I love the products and will continue to order. <end>  save your money  This looks better in the picture than in real life. The crochet beads are not what I call crochet, but they are round woven balls (not crochet though), and the center yellow "stone" is cheap and plastic. A Bead was not intact upon delivery. <end>
 B000JVTM5Y  Red Tiny Beaded Link Collar Necklace ||	  Nice Necklace for a Teen  This necklace is really cute, but construction is a little on the cheap side- which explains why the price was so low. I bought it for myself, but ending up giving it to my teenage daughter. It gives a nice bright red accent to outfits. The silver wire construction looks quite home-made up close. Still, I would buy this again for a gift for a teen or pre-teen. <end>  I thought it was cute, then it broke  I thought this was really cute, but then it broke the first time I wore it (it may have somethin gto do with my baby grabing it, but I don't think he had a chance to pull very hard). Not very happy. For some reason I can't change the star rating, but I'd give it one start now. <end>
 B000JVVPSG  Nvie's Honey Dew Resin Pendant Necklace Swirly Tibetan Beads ||	  Cheap product  The materials are really cheap and if that doesn't bother you, how about that you couldn't wear this necklace at all because it has a permanent knot. To wear it, you need to cut it in half, and if you do, you will be choking yourself, when trying to put it around your neck. Don't waste your money. <end>
 B000JVZU28  Turquoise Blue Pointy Beaded Tribal Collar Necklace ||	  Cheap  Turquoise Blue Pointy Beaded Tribal Collar NecklaceIt ships in a small plastic square all bunched up. When I opened it, I immediately noticed the beads were cheap AND the necklace was whacked out. The inner thread was distorted and wouldn't lie flat on my body like a necklace, but stuck up and curled inward.I'm flattening it with a book now, and hopefully that'll help. Would NOT buy again, it's not really what I expected...even for five dollars. <end>  Great price  This would be five stars just on the great price alone... very cute, but it is quite cheaply made, and I did have to break out the old "jewelry-repair" kit I keep on hand and fix the clasp to one that wasn't quite so flimsy. Overall, I'm satisfied with the purchase. <end>  Loads of Compliments  This was a very inexpensive piece of jewelry. I was a little worried as to how "cheap" it might look. But when it came I was very impressed. I have received many compliments on it. I like it so much that I ordered a few more to give away as presents! <end>
 B000JWHR4Q  Amber Brown Wide Resin Bangle Bracelet ||	  Resin bracelet  The bracelet is beautiful but is more brown/tortoise than red/amber which I was very happy about. Nice details and great size! <end>  Hideous!  I received this as a gift after adding it to my Wish List. What arrived looked NOTHING like what's pictured. Rather than gently curving on the cuff and seeming to glow from within, the thing actually looked like someone sawed a piece of amber-colored plastic pipe and stuck it in a box (without ever sanding the cut ends, I might add.) In fact, had it not arrived IN an Amazon box I would've thought that's exactly what had happened!The only use I've found for it -- since I'm certainly not going to wear such a poorly made item -- is to keep a set of washcloths neatly rolled. Otherwise, it's junk. <end>
 B000JWJ1DQ  Egyptian Silver Accessory Chains -16",18",20",22" or 24" ||	  Pretty knecklace  Although I probably could have found a similar Necklace at a store in town, I really liked the fact that it was supposed to be from Egypt. The chain is the perfect link to showcase my cartouche and is well made. A great gift or something for yourself. <end>  Lovely  I bought this for my niece's 16th birthday in December. She hasn't taken it off since she got it. The quality and workmanship are excellent. It is more substantial than the picture shows; nothing flimsy about this pendant! The customer service from this company was excellent, also. <end>  Great product, even better service.  I accidentally had this chain sent to my old address when i ordered it because i didn't change the default to my new address. When i emailed Steve, he completely worked with me and said as long as i was willing to get another one, he would give me free shipping. I would definitely do business with him again. Thanks Steve! <end>  Egyptian Treasures  This is a great company! Quality products at a fair price! Great customer service! I will definitely buy from them again. <end>
 B000JWJG8Q  Egyptian Silver Accessory Chains -16",18",20",22" or 24" ||	  Pretty knecklace  Although I probably could have found a similar Necklace at a store in town, I really liked the fact that it was supposed to be from Egypt. The chain is the perfect link to showcase my cartouche and is well made. A great gift or something for yourself. <end>  Lovely  I bought this for my niece's 16th birthday in December. She hasn't taken it off since she got it. The quality and workmanship are excellent. It is more substantial than the picture shows; nothing flimsy about this pendant! The customer service from this company was excellent, also. <end>  Great product, even better service.  I accidentally had this chain sent to my old address when i ordered it because i didn't change the default to my new address. When i emailed Steve, he completely worked with me and said as long as i was willing to get another one, he would give me free shipping. I would definitely do business with him again. Thanks Steve! <end>  Egyptian Treasures  This is a great company! Quality products at a fair price! Great customer service! I will definitely buy from them again. <end>
 B000JWKH0W  Green Aventurine Bracelet ||	  green stone braclet  again had ordered one braclet, received two, price was right, so kept both. liked the look and the colors are nice too. <end>
 B000JWMK9I  Gold Sandstone Bracelet ||	  Wear it and it makes any outift look better.  It is a must to have piece and goes go with browns and tans. Makes a nice gift for those that are hard to buy for. Judy <end>  gold sandstone bracelet  I love this bracelet it sparkles beautifully in the sun. I received it quickly too. <end>
 B000JWOKRI  Black Agate Bracelet ||	  Lovely Black Agate Bracelet  It's pretty, it's inexpensive and it goes with a lot of outfits. I find I wear it quite frequently. <end>
 B000JWRTMQ  Loving Family Vermeil Pendant - Parents and Two Children ||	  Beautiful  Beautiful, gold, has a rich hue. purchased as a gift for my daughter, she loved it. Highly Recomended! Quick delivery, item as described. <end>  Great Product!  Great product, exactly as advertised! Company came through with super fast shipping. Gift Boxed as well.My wife LOVES it  ) <end>
 B000JY34LO  Gold Shinner Fish Hook Earrings ||	  beautiful earrings  You don't have to love fishing to love these earrings. They are beautiful. Iridescent yellow and red, and a good size (slightly over an inch long). <end>
 B000JY502U  Rainbow Shinner Fish Hook Earrings ||	  Lady Wears Mepps  I grew up with older brothers, did all the stuff they did. Fast-forward 30 years to shopping on Amazon, looking at earrings. This are THE COOLEST earrings in my collection! They're very pretty, but to the keen eye, there's no doubt that they look like fishing lures or spinners! (Mepps, Panther Martin, Rapala) I've gotten numerous compliments from both men and women. Whooda thunk that fish earrings would create such a wonderful splash!If you're wanting something truly unique, these are priceless! <end>  beautiful earrings  You don't have tom love fishing to love these earrings. They are beautiful. Iridescent colors (mainly blue and red), and a good size (a little over an inch long). <end>  Not as expected  When I bought these earrings I didn't realize they would have words and little plastic eyes glued on to them. They are much more childish then I expected. <end>  cheap made  the earrings were cheap made except the wire was silver. A sticker placed on a teardrop piece of metal I suppose it an steel alloy. One was off center and had a buckle in the sticker. It wasn't laying straight. Looks pretty in the picture but wasn't what I expected. <end>  Awesome  If your into fishing they are great. My wife loved them. She teaches 1st and second grade and the earrings were a big hit with the kids. <end>
 B000K1L03K  Wood and Coconut Shell Bead Stretch Necklace - 3 to Choose From ||	  poor quality  this ia poor design of a necklace. Very cheaply made. when I recived the neckalace there were two knots about 2 inches apart from each other which caused the beads to have 2 sepeart gaps where beads couldn't go. it broke on day 1 this was just a horrible cheap design i'm better off making one myself. NOT WORTH THE PRICE FOR NECKLACE OR SHIPPING <end>  Comfortable and Pretty  I bought the 'C' necklace and I am pleased with it. It is light and comfortable to wear. It fits perfectly around my neck. I wouldn't recommend this necklace for children because of its delicate beads. The company also sent me a free necklace as a gift.  -> <end>  Fun  This is well made and fun to wear. Just slip over your headand your ready to go. <end>
 B000K24JD2  Amazon.com  Alice in Wonderland Mad Hatter Sterling Silver Charm  Clothing ||	  Mad Hatter Charming  For my daughter's 13th birthday she had an Alice in Wonderland costume party and I bought this charm for her charm bracelet to commemorate that. It is very sturdy and the detail is great. <end>
 B000K28WVM  Alice in Wonderland 5 Charm Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  Best you can get!  A stunning silver bracelet for a female or remove the bracelet and use the original Tenniel Alice in Wonderland characters as separate pendants. Highest quality Sterling Silver. You will not find a better bargain. <end>
 B000K2COWA  Amazon.com  Long red and black necklace  Clothing ||	  Red and Black necklace  I ordered this necklace for a specific garment and it met with all my expectations. It is made of stones, not glass and a friend who makes and sells jewelry gave it her approval. I have had unexpected compliments on it from people that I would not have thought would notice it. The price was right. <end>
 B000K2CR86  IGI Certified 18k Gold Round-Cut 4-Prong Diamond Studs (3/4 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  Very beautiful - however product description incorrect  These earrings are very beautiful and 3/4 is a nice size. However, the product description is incorrect, the backing is a screw-back not post-friction. For whatever reason, my wife doesn't like screw-back, so beware if your looking for post-friction backing. Wish these would have worked, they are beautiful! <end>  Outstanding gift for my wife  The earrings are perfect. Diamonds are clear and shiny. My wife is happy. Nothing more to wish from this item. <end>  Saved $$$ buying here vs at jewelry store  Thanks Amazon you sold a very nice product at an unbeatable price. Everyone was happy. And these are very sparkly. <end>
 B000K2CX3U  18k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond 4-Prong Studs (1/3 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  Pleasantly surprised  Like the other reviewer, I was worried about purchasing jewelery online but my worry was from the condition of the diamonds. It was a Christmas gift for my wife and I did not want something that looked bad or cheap. These earrings are definitely worth the money I paid for them. The color and clarity are excellent! I was worried most about the clarity. There is a lot of cheaper jewelery on amazon with clarity values of I1 to I3. If you have ever seen a diamond with that clarity at a jewelery store, you would not like it. It is definitely worth the extra money to get at least SI1 to SI2 as these were very clear. The color of H-I was also very good. These are only 1/3 carat so they are a little small. So, maybe they may be better for smaller ears like my wife's. The most important thing was that my wife loved them! <end>  Awesome earrings  WOW!! I ordered these on the lightening deal, and then had buyers remorse and tried to cancel. Thank goodness, it was too late to cancel. Just received them and they are beautiful. Incredible sparkle and clarity for the price I paid. Do your homework before you buy to make sure you're aware of the sizes. For me, for $299, they are a FANTASTIC value!!! Amazon as always does an awesome job with all my Christmas shopping, however, I'm keeping these. Happy Birthday to me!!! <end>  Absolutely gorgeous earrings, but very small  I previously purchased a pair of diamond studs from Amazon that were a substantially inferior quality and were also about half this carat weight and returned those. I mistakenly thought that this size would be large enough for me, based on that previous purchase. I am currently staring at them wondering if I can bring myself to return them. They are not as big as I would like, but they are absolutely beautiful. They are packaged in a pretty wooden box, which itself was in a well-lined cardboard box to protect the "real" box. So all around, this is a nice product. However, make sure you know you want a .33 carat weight when you buy it - cause you're going to really want to keep them, even if it isn't the "right size."Update  11/10/2011I'm likely going to keep them, as they really are absolutely beautiful and very good quality. My only concerns after wearing them are that the posts are large for my ears (I find this happens to me a lot though), and the backs do not feel as secure as screw posts I've had in the past. Because of the tight fit, that isn't as much of a concern for me as it might be for someone else who doesn't have the small piercing hole issue that I have. There was a reason these earrings sold out in 90 seconds during the lightening deal. They really are nice. <end>  Perfect.  I was a little leary about buying earrings online. But when they arrived the earrings were perfect. Beaufiful quality, exactly what I had hoped for. The box they came in was too big. Would have preferred a smaller earing box, for the small earrings. But that being my only complaint, I am very satisfied. <end>  Too small  They were too small. Color was good etc but just so small. They really are more the size for an infant or VERY young girl. <end>  Very satisfied  I was very leary of ordering jewelery online, and was concerned the reviews might be written by "company plants," but both my wife (most importantly) and I were happy with the earrings. They arrived quickly delivered by USPS to our secure mail box and not on our front step, further easing my mind. The carat,color, cut and clarity of the earrings were as promised, so long as the prices on Amazon remain competitive I will order more jewelery from them again <end>  Perfect size, great clarity,  Just the right size for my wife to wear every day, and they look beautiful matched with just about everything else she has. <end>
 B000K2DREO  Sterling Silver and 14k Yellow Gold Peridot Ring, Size 8 ||	  AMAZING!  I work in the jewelry industry and love the look of Yurmen and Scott Kay. This ring is unbelievably comfortable, the peridot is a beautiful shade of green with no inclusions. This is a very high quality piece for a low price! Its a perfect piece for that hard to shop for person. <end>  Super Value  I purchased this ring for myself. I love it. It is trendy, but professional enough to wear to the office. I would highly recommend it to anyone who is thinking about a peridot ring. <end>  peridot ring  one of my favorites, excellent for the price. I will be buying more!! <end>  Neat Ring  After reading the feedback on this ring, I bought it.Although I would not term the ring as simple, Iwas intrigued by it and grew to like it. If offeredwith a pink stone, I would purchase another. <end>  fab ring  I love this ring! It is so bright and pretty. I have gotten a lot of comoliments on it. It is made very well, the weight is just right.One of the best birthstone rings I have ever seen. Very well worth the money. <end>  Great ring  Received this ring today and was pleasantly surprised ! Nice color saturation and setting. For the money you cannot go wrong. Looks much more expensive. I'm happy ! <end>  lovely ring  When I received this ring, it didn't look exactly like it did online. I thought it looked less than elegant when I put it on. I stuck it back in the box with every intention of returning it. However! I put on an outfit with green in it a few days later and thought about the ring, so tried it on again. I fell in love with it at that point and have not changed my mind. I wear it probably 6 out of 7 days each week. I plan to buy another, in a different color. <end>  Gorgeous Item!!  I found this ring by doing an online search. I usually don't order something unless I see a review, however, I liked the way this ring looked so much I ordered it anyway and I'm so glad I did. The price is very reasonable for what you receive. The ring looks beautiful on and I love the way it combines a touch of gold on the silver so you can wear it with both. The stone is a nice size and does not get "lost" in the setting. I saw this ring in amethyst and I will probably add that to my wish list. You will not be disappointed in this ring if you order it. <end>
 B000K2GYYE  IGI Certified 18k Gold Princess-Cut 4-Prong Diamond Studs (1 1/2 cttw, H-I Color, SI1-SI2 Clarity) ||	  Great diamonds!  My husband got me these for Mother's day. They are gorgeous. The diamond quaility and clarity is SI1 and H as promised. My only complaint is the quaility control. I got one 18k back and one 14k back. Not sure how that got missed since the gold is a different color. I was also disappointed that these are not screw backs as stated in the product specification but if you read the full description, it does say post friction backs. The picture is deceiving too. However, I will not return them for these two reasons since the insurance and time will probably cost me more. These are the only reasons why I gave it 4 stars.This price is a steal! <end>  Beautiful, as promised....great deal!  The earings came just as promised by the description. Weight, clarity, and color are all verifed by the certification. Cut / brilliance is the only thing slightly subjective and was my only hesitation with purchsing diamonds via the internet. However, once the earrings arrived I could not be more thrilled; very brilliant, a well mathced pair, and no inclusions visible to the naked eye with the SI1 clarity.The best part of my purchase was price! Very, very good deal and I am certain my wife will be thrilled to have them. Thanks Amazon!! <end>
 B000K2M9ZM  IGI Certified 14k Gold Princess-Cut Diamond Studs (1 1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Beautiful  I got these about four months ago and paid $1300 for them at the time and I absloutely love them! And yes, I got an exceptional deal on them! <end>
 B000K2O09U  10k Gold Round-Cut Diamond Studs (1/3 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Pretty and petite  My roommate got this for his girlfriend, and after examining his girlfriend's ears, I have decided that these earrings are great for the price. Not something you want to give your wife, but an excellent gift for a young boyfriend trying to impress his young (or old) girlfriend with an entry-level "nice" gift. They are a decent size, and no faults are noticeable at a normal distance. Recommended. <end>  You get what you paid for - I am pleased!  Before you get these earrings, please read more about diamonds. 1/3 cttw is the total carat weight of these earrings, so they ARE small. The color and clarity are not great, so they have some flaws that are visible to the eye. They still sparkle, and they look very elegant. I prefer small but real diamonds over large CZ, so it is a matter of preference. These are starter diamonds for people that want to wear real diamonds without breaking the bank. I am pleased with them. My only complaint is that these earrings did not come with a certificate of authenticity. If they were not sold by Amazon, probably I would have returned them just for that reason. <end>  Nice Stones but Cheap Lose Back  I bought these for my wife for Christmas. The quality of cut was good the color acceptable for the price and any inclusions were very minimal for diamonds to be worn on the ear. However the back (Clasp) of the earring is cheaply made and lose fitting. My wife claimed that as her only concern with the gift and this proved to be prophetic as they did not last a week before one fell off her ear over the course of a day of traveling. This crucial detail turned a very satisfying purchase into a very dissatisfying one! <end>  Nice but have loose backs  These are pretty little earrings but the backs are loose. I lost one of them due to this and would recommend getting tighter backs. <end>  Yummy!  The earrings arrived promptly, and I've worn them nearly constantly since receipt. I have small ear lobes with multiple piercings, so these are perfect. They sparkle and catch the light, and are VERY noticable. Just gorgeous. Perfect size for multiple piercings. <end>  good for the price  My wife say these are nice diamond earrings for the price, but she did not give them 5 stars because the low quality of the "friction-back closure". It broke after the second day using them (was too thin and weak). <end>  small but nice  These earrings are small but look nice I bought them for my daughter so will be just right. But they a tiny!! <end>  horribly flawed  these earrings had a massive flaw in one of them that could be easily noticed. <end>  OK Quality  These earrings are OK but I was dissapointed that they only came in a little blue velvet bag instead of a box. <end>  Show someone you kinda like how much you care  These are TINY. I was embarrassed to give them to a loved one. Reserve these as a gift to a mistress or someone you like but don't quite love. Definitely don't give them if your intention is to impress. <end>  poor  this was the worst product i have ever gotten diamonds were smaller and the backs were so cheap i lost one of the ear ring all ready never wull buy agian from here <end>
 B000K2OXQK  Autism Awareness Bracelet ||	  I wouldnt get it again  Pretty of course, but the link holding the puzzle charm quickly fell off. Wouldn't buy again and I sure wouldn't pay that much for it. I would say search elseware. <end>
 B000K36DEE  Princess Cut 2.00 carat Swiss Blue Topaz Ring Size 11 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  My Mistake  I bought this ring to match the London Blue Topaz necklace that my mother gave me. The only problem is that I wasn't paying 100% attention to the title of this and ended up having two different shades. It is a wonderful ring to have, just make sure if you are going to buy the matching necklace to get the Swiss Blue Topaz instead of the London Blue Topaz. Another thing is I have extremely sensitive skin when it comes to copper my skin will change colors literally in minutes, however I didn't have a reaction to this. Sterling silver = 92.5 % pure silver & 7.5% other metals, usually copper, just in case youre wondering. <end>
 B000K36DEO  Trillion Cut 1.00 carat Garnet Ring Size 11 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful ring  The ring looks very beautiful,is a quality item and it comes in a very nice gift box. I really love it. The stone is great. <end>
 B000K3A6GU  Radiant Cut 2.75 carat Garnet Ring Size 13 in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  finely nuanced word play in advertisement for this product.  The ring was not What I expected. The ring is not sterling silver but plated. When I re-read and parsed the description very carefully, it had legally covered itself. The jeweller I took it to resize the ring told me this. Also, he refused to confirm that the stone is , Red Garnett. In his opinion it could be just a piece of colored glass. Taught me a lesson not to buy jewellery on the Internet. <end>  Great service and product  This product was exactly as stated. The garnet was an even deeper, yet still vibrant red. The cut outs in the silver were not as defined as in the picture but still look good.I had the ring re-sized and the stone looks massive. This was a great gift for myself and I think any women would love to have this ring.Oh and it was here in just a few days instead of the full 2 weeks. <end>  Beautiful ring  This ring is amazing, big stone and beautiful red color, the ring is in silver and looks of great quality. Comes in a very nice gift box. I really like it. <end>
 B000K3Y2KG  Radha's Choice Wood Beaded Long Collar Necklace ||	  Disappointed  Ordered this necklace for a gift. It is very ugly and cheap looking. Hard to tell on the photo, but the little beads that aren't shiny are very weird looking. Hard to describe, but trust me it is not attractive. I sold it in a garage sale for $.25 3 days after I received it. <end>
 B000K3ZS0Y  Mango Delight Crystal Beaded Collar Necklace ||	  okay but picture is better  This necklace is worth the 4.99 I paid. The large "crystal" has slight defects that draw attention to the fact it is essentially plastic. The rest of the necklace is attractive and I may just remove the pendant part. <end>
 B000K3ZS1S  Baked Glass Beaded Multicolor Pendant Necklace ||	  Beautiful Beads!  This necklace is beautiful! The beads are awesome! The price is Great! The vendor shipped it out immediately. I would definitely buy from them again! <end>  A Little Disappointing  This necklace was for a friend and I was surprised that it was somewhat larger than expected. Also, I ordered it before Valentine's Day and it arrived well after as opposed to many of the other items I ordered. <end>
 B000K41P28  Holly's Choice Black Multistrand Beaded Resin Pendant Necklace ||	  Necklace returned  The necklace was too long and the beading around the pendant was crooked. <end>  Keep browsing; this is junk.  I ordered this on a whim and was very disappointed when it arrived. It's very cheap-looking and the clasp broke the first time I put the necklace on. I tried fixing the clasp, and then the chain broke.Don't waste your money. It's a piece of junk. <end>
 B000K4SVC0  Phantom of the Opera Sterling Silver Mask Charm poto-03 ||	  Another Mask  This a a very cute charm - but it is a bit small. I have it on my bracelet and it looks nice, but small. I am turning a pair into unique earrings. <end>
 B000K5QVBW  Music Makers  When You Wish Upon a Star ||	  Thank goodness I opened it first! . .  I purchased this as a secret-Santa gift. I thought it was so cute! Just to make sure it was okay, I removed the plastic and played it. It is horribly out of tune. It sounds like an off-key, drunken and creepy version of "when you wish upon a star". I could keep it as a really creepy conversation piece ("Hey, you want to know what a nightmare sounds like?"), but I'm going to return it instead. <end>  Great gift  Bought it as a gift for my best friend. I think these music boxes are really a great gift idea, I loved this one <end>
 B000K6BCM4  Sterling Silver Polished-Heart Link Flower Design ||	  Didn't like craftsmanship  Both parts are not symmetrical and locking mechanism is rudimentary,the shipping believe me was not prompt. <end>
 B000K6D0HY  Mother and Baby Charm Bracelet in Sterling Silver 7" ||	  Great condition!!  Item arrived in excellent condition and was package very well. I'm very impressed and would recommend seller to anyone. A+++ <end>  asia's review  my girlfreind loved the idem but the shiping sucked other then that all things good. it is such a lovly charm braclet and looks good on any womans wrist. <end>  Mother and child charm bracelet  This bracelet is very nice. A perfect gift for a new mom. We were pleased. Thanks. <end>
 B000K6Q9N6  Wish Pearl Kit Silver Plated Pearl Locket ||	  Makes a terrific gift!  My 9 year-old niece LOVED this necklace (a Christmas gift)!! From prying the pearl from its (real) shell, to awaiting to see its color (white, pink or, what she was surprised with, lavender). She then made a wish, placed the pearl in the locket and hasn't taken it off since.Great price and more than just a piece of jewelry. <end>  Awesome!!!!  My future mother-in-law gave this gift to me right before the wedding ceremony. I loved it. I opened the oyster right away and ended up wearing the necklace for the wedding instead of the expensive strand of pearls that I originally planned to wear. (I got a lavendar pearl) I would highly reccommend this gift for any female in your life. <end>  Wish Pearl Kit  I gave this necklace to my granddaughter for Christmas. A big hit! She made a wish and placed the pearl inside the necklace. It's packaged very creatively. An excellent present for any occasion. You can't go wrong with giving a gift like this. It's very special. <end>  Great gift  I received this as a present from my Mom. I'm 24 and thought it was a wonderful gift! It was quite fun to open the mollusks and find the pearl. I love the neckless and wear it almost every day! <end>  Not As Expected  Was a gift, and I had asked for sterling sliver. This is silver plated, and the silver plating wore off very quickly, leaving me with an ugly brown pendant. Don't waste your money on silver plated, go for a sterling silver version. <end>  Real Clam - Dead or Alive?  I actually loved this gift when I got it quite a few years ago. However, now I'm older and my viewpoints have changed since I've lived away from home and been introduced to more than what I grew up with in a small town. How is it that EVERY one of these clams has a pearl? Obviously someone had to have deliberately put that grain of sand into the clam and then killed it for commerce. I ask, where is the magic in that? How can a wish truly come true from that? Would I even want it to at that cost? Simple answer  NO! I am personally very glad that I lost this necklace a long time ago. If I still had it, I would through the necklace in the trash and the pearl out into the sea in meak apology. If you have one of these, that is my suggestion to you. And DO NOT buy this product now! Nothing in nature should be forced like this. <end>
 B000K7CV4G  14k Gold Men's Bezel-Set Moissanite Ring (1cttw equivalent), Size 12 ||	  Bezel-Set Moissanite Men's Ring  I purchased this ring recently at a good price with the product promotion discount. This is well made and beutiful ring for men. <end>
 B000K7F5OE  14k Gold Men's Bezel-Set Moissanite Ring (1cttw equivalent), Size 11 ||	  Bezel-Set Moissanite Men's Ring  I purchased this ring recently at a good price with the product promotion discount. This is well made and beutiful ring for men. <end>
 B000K7ITSS  Silver Diamond Initial Pendant "B" with Silk Cord ||	  Pleased with my purchase  As a man I found this to be small for me plus the rope necklace didn't fit this probably was made for a woman but I brought it for myself. <end>
 B000KA5GI6  Iowa Hawkeyes NCAA Logo'd Executive Cufflinks w/ Jewelry Box by Cuff Links ||	  Love it!  This was the gift I gave my husband on our wedding day and he put them on immediately! We are both Hawkeyes, but we don't live in Iowa so I was glad to be able to buy them through Amazon. They came very promptly in the mail. I couldn't be happier with this purchase. <end>
 B000KBA8CE  Cascading Stars Sterling Silver Lariat ||	  Wonderful  This item looks just like the Tiffany's version that my sister wanted. I can't wait to give this to her for Christmas! <end>  SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL  This item is even prettier in person! i can't wait for Christmas so I can actually wear it!My only complaint is that I'm pretty busty, and the star falls into my cleavage sometimes, so for those top-heavy women out there, its something to think about. <end>  D E L I C A T E  The most delicate item i've ever found. it's very feminine. the perfect gift for any lady <end>  Beautiful  I love this necklace and I've worn it almost daily since I received it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because (at least for me) the star you adjust the length of the necklace with gets stuck often, or slides down so there isn't the line falling down the middle. Other than that it's perfect.Update on May 12,2011  recently the chain on the necklace broke off when all I did was pick it up. It hadn't been worn that much and was treated with care, so I was disappointed that for the price the chain was so fragile it broke so easily. Very sad, I liked this necklace a lot. <end>  Very pretty but bigger girls beware...  This necklace is very beautiful but i thought it would be bigger. I probably should have read the dimensions before buying but it is still a beautiful piece. One of the other reviews mentioned that the necklace was long and hung down into her clevage but if it did she must be around 5'1 110 lbs because i am 6'2 and the necklace is just a couple inches shy of being a choker on me. Check the length with a measuring tape before you buy to be sure the length is right for you. But overall it is a very beautiful necklace. <end>  Beautiful necklace  Was skeptical on buying this item because I was worried it would look cheap, but it was beautiful. Only trouble I have is adjust the length, often. But definitely recommend. <end>  Stunning  This is so pretty. It's the perfect length and is very well made, it doesn't look cheap or tacky like some that I've seen. I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she wears it nearly every day which is saying a lot! <end>  Just like the one from Tiffany's  I love this necklace wear it every day! I had one like this from Tiffany's but the chain kept breaking so I guess you could say this necklace is higher quality that Tiffany's. <end>  Very cute and stylish!  This necklace I do love! As seen in one photo, it does have a clasp which i didnt notice at first. It's neat to be able to slightly change the look of it by sliding the length of it. I do wish It would stay in place a little better because it does tend to drop a little lower towards the cleavage from the weight at one end. <end>  Definitely worth it at this price  This is a gorgeous necklace, especially for thirty-two bucks. I only have two minor complaints (actually, not complaints, but more just points to consider that are not in the description). First, I did not realize this was rhodium plated. The rhodium makes it super super shiny, so it will be brighter than just plain sterling silver. This is supposedly to keep it from tarnishing, as sterling silver would. It definitely is a bit dressier than I planned on getting. But I still wear it with jeans and a tshirt and it looks fantastic. I was hoping for something I could just wear everyday and leave on, but it turns out the rhodium plating also means I shouldn't leave it on while sleeping and in the shower b/c the shiny finish can be damaged by sweat, body oils, shower creams and even minerals in the water. At least, that is what a Google search told me. Does anybody know if this is true? Lastly, like a previous poster pointed out, the lariat does slide up and down. There is no danger of it falling out completely b/c the last dangling star is large enough that it wouldn't fit through the other end, but you do have to keep adjusting it either higher or lower. <end>  Excellent  Got it in the promised time. Fine silver, you pay for what you see online. Definitely recommended. <end>  Worth it  I bought this as a present for my sister. It arrived early, before the estimated date, very happy with that. I was afraid the little stars around the chain would make it too juvenile looking for her (she's 27), but it gives it something extra. It came in a nice little box and inside the box, a little bag. I knew she would love it when I first held it; very nice quality. I do wish it was a bit longer, but even with that I think it's beautiful. It was hard not to keep it for myself! She put it on right away, it looked great on her, I couldn't be happier. I will definitely buy more from this brand and company.It was a little tangled when I pulled it out of the bag, but the best way to fix that it lay it on the counter and untangle with a toothpick or tweezers. The worst thing you can do it fight with it and gravity, you'll just make it worse. The small tangles came out with ease. <end>  More stars!  They should have taken a better photo of the necklace. There are actually a couple more stars in the necklace than shown in the photo. Its cute. <end>  Not as long as I had expected  Really pretty but was short - more like a choker with a tail than a long lariat. I wish it was longer though - its really very nice. <end>  Great Value!  I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend, and doing some research i found it was $ well spent. It is identical to a Tiffany's necklace going for $250! Great Value! <end>
 B000KBA932  Pearl Drop Sterling Silver Heart Lariat ||	  Picture misleading  The necklace that arrived had a yellow/tan colored pearl instead of white. I was very disappointed and returned it. <end>  Bridal Jewelry  I bought a few of these necklaces for my bridesmaids. They are so cute and went perfectly with their dresses. The pearls are just the right size and I had them wear small pearl studs to match. Everyone loved them and they are simple enough that the girls can keep wearing them with other outfits. <end>
 B000KBABEO  Designer Inspired Moon and Stars Blue Enamel Ring ||	  THE STAR AND MOON  I purchased this ring for my wife recently. It arrived quickly in the mail and naturally like any piece of jewelry, made my wife smile with joy.The ring is a relatively nice piece of costume jewelry and looked good on her hand. However; within less than a week, one of the small crystals fell out of the setting. This did not totally distract from it's shinny new beauty, but was a tale tell sign of shoddy workmanship. Based upon this, I personally feel this ring should be "just a bit" cheaper for the next buyer. <end>  Moon & Stars Ring is Beautiful!  If you are looking for great jewelry at a fraction of the cost, look no further! Eve's Addiction's offerings are wonderful, and their customer service and communication are fabulous. I bought this Moon and Stars Blue Enamel Ring about a month ago, and it is beautiful. The quality is good, the silver finish is very high quality, and the blue enamel and little CZ's embedded in the ring are perfect. It's durable, too. I wear it to work every day, and it has survived being shoved into the guts of a copier several times (getting loose toner all over it) and getting knocked around on hard surfaces. It looks as new as the day I got it. I wash my hands with it on and basically wear it everywhere except to bed. I will buy from Eve's Addiciton again. Also - recently bought my 12-year-old niece a pair of the Palm Tree CZ post earrings for her birthday, and they are beautiful - she loves them. <end>  Love my new ring!  Love it, very good quality, much better than paying OVER 1000 dollars for the real "diamond" version. Super happy with my purchase and very quick shipping, thanks! <end>  Just what she wants !!!  This is exactly the same as the item. packaged really well and some nice extra touches. think we will be buying from you again <end>  On a whim...  On a whim, I bought this ring for myself because I thought it was different from the usual assortment. Throughly enjoyed it! <end>  Cute enamel ring, just as advertised  Very happy with my purchase. Ring looks just like it did online. Shipping was super fast. <end>
 B000KBBBGG  Sterling Silver and Aquamarine Pendant by Sajen ||	  Lovely pendant  The picture shows the back of the pendant, the front is much nicer! Good size, great detail, good quality aquamarine that adds a little sparkle without being flashy. A nice, classy piece, I am glad I bought it! <end>
 B000KBED4S  Gold Dangle Chandelier Earrings ||	  Pretty Earrings  These are very pretty earrings. The chandelier section isn't too delicate where the wearer feels they may bend and break it.The product description is accurate and the gold is a lovely yellow gold.Eve's Addiction had the product to me 7 days from the order date. <end>  Nice earrings  I gave these to my Mother, she loved them. They are very pretty, true to picture. I was quite satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Simply Beautiful Earrings  These earrings are exactly what I've been searching for  just the perfect length, just the perfect width. So many chandelier earrings are just too large. These are really gorgeous earrings. I'm been looking for weeks and am so very happy with this purchase. Also - love Eve's Addiction - wonderful jewelry, great prices, great service. <end>  Very Pretty and Great Service  These earrings are very pretty and they are also nice and light (easy on the ears). The service (delivery speed, etc) from Eve's Addiction was great, I will definitely order from them again.The only downside, like any other chandalier-type earring is that they can get twisted a bit in your hair! <end>
 B000KBEGH2  Designer Inspired Precious Safari Silver & Gold CZ Ring ||	  love this ring  no disappointments or surprises. It's a big, bold, beautiful ring. Ships quickly, packaged nicely...this vendor just got another loyal customer. <end>  Grogeous Ring!  I love this ring! It is much more beautiful than the picture. It is a wide band ring and is so very unique. I have had so many people compliment me on the ring. I wear it for a wedding band and it is so comfortable and easy to wear everyday. The CZ stone are very small so do not expect them to stand out...but this ring sparkles on it's own even without the sparkle of CZ stones. <end>
 B000KBFLD0  Sterling Silver, Pink Fiber Optic Glass & Multi-Gemstone Goddess Pendant by Sajen ||	  Not very pretty.  I was very disappointed in this piece. I am not familiar with Sajen and purchased this as a gift for a friend. The pink fiber optic glass is not as iridescent as I would have thought. The jewels look inexpensive and the overall piece looks like it could have come from the costume jewelry section. I got this on sale, and I can't imagine this being worth the regular price of $99. It looks cheap and even at 70% off, I don't think it is worth the money. <end>  I like it!  I have to disagree with the other reviews. This is one of my favorite Sajen goddess pendants. The fiber optic has an inner glow and the carver is able to get so much detail. The pink quartz is gorgeous, and the silver detail is superb. If you are a goddess collector, this is a must have and $99 is a steal! <end>  A very unique piece that gathers lots of comments  I now own 8 different pieces from the Sajen Collection. All are unique and get lots of comments. This one in particular seems to gather many comments. I was surprised at how large the piece was when I received it. The sliver work is excellent and very detailed. I am very satisfied with this piece.The one thing I don't like is the fact that the loop for the chain to go through is fixed and does not move. <end>  Just....ODD  I thought this would be great as a conversational piece as it looked so unique. Unfortunately, I was expecting something long and skinny as the picture appeared...(The width was not stated.) This thing was just HUGE and FAT across width wise and NOT appealing at all! The fiber optic also had little "dings" all over it, adding to the ugliness. The silver, although substantial, was scratched badly in the back upon arrival.Even with 70% off, I agree with the other poster; it is not worth it! <end>
 B000KBFLIA  Sterling Silver Shell Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  cool ring but bottom is open like a toe ring  Bottom of shank is open like a toe ring. Not disclosed in description. Not comfortable so I returned. Otherwise, very pretty and well built. <end>
 B000KBFLJ4  Sterling Silver Shell Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  cool ring but bottom is open like a toe ring  Bottom of shank is open like a toe ring. Not disclosed in description. Not comfortable so I returned. Otherwise, very pretty and well built. <end>
 B000KBGI78  Fleur De Lis CZ Sterling Silver Stud Earrings ||	  People often wonder if these are real!  These are smaller than I thought they'd be (about dime-sized), but people often stare and sometimes ask if they are real, because they do look like an attainable-size.The sparkle and quality is excellent--I am most satisfied. <end>
 B000KBGL3Y  Sterling Silver CZ Butterfly Ring ||	  Beautiful Ring  This is a beautiful, ring and I intend to buy another one soon.It arrived sooner than expected and everyone loved it! <end>  Beautiful ring!  If you love butterflies and dainty pieces of jewelry with lots of sparkle as much as I do,then you won't be able to take your eyes off this ring... <end>  Very Fashion forward!  What an adorable ring!Not for the everyday. Wear when you are out and want to look fashionable. It's rather large but subtle. Love it! <end>
 B000KBGL7U  Gold Vermeil CZ Band with Braided Edges ||	  This ring scratches your fingers  I could not keep the ring because the golden part of it scratched my two adjacent fingers. <end>
 B000KBGYPY  Platinum Prong-Set Engagement Ring Setting with Pear-Cut Sidestones (1/4 cttw) ||	  It worked  It got the job done. My only complaint is that the prongs sit to the side of the band so it doesn't sit flush with the wife's wedding band. Minor complaint, overall I love it. More importantly, she does. <end>
 B000KBIXCQ  Stainless Steel Engraved Chinese Character Brushed Satin Band ||	  Great buy!  I ordered this item for father's day this year, and it's a beautiful ring. The engraving is very clean cut and makes it very easy to identify all the Chinese characters printed on it. Again, it's a very nice ring with some weight to it. We were impressed by the quality and feel of it. Except for the slight dullness of the material, I was very happy with this purchase. <end>
 B000KBL7B0  Stainless Steel Keyboard Design High Polish Flat Band ||	  cute but black outline falls out  The ring is really nice. I got it as a Valentines Day present for my boyfriend, and he loved it. BUT the black outline immediately started falling out around the top right three keys, & it is steadily wearing away. Besides that it looks the same as in the image. It is a thick, sturdy, masculine ring. <end>
 B000KBPEG4  Stainless Steel Brushed Satin Black Flame Design Flat Band ||	  Good buy  This is a pretty cool ring; the design scrapes easily if you're rough with it, but it's not a big deal. I like the design as well.The only improvement I would make would be to slim it down a bit; it's a tad wide for my taste. <end>
 B000KBPGFS  Stainless Steel Interlocking Silver and Black Polished Band ||	  An interesting band  I really like this design as it's like a puzzle and the way the parts interlock with each other. There are other "puzzle rings" out there but they are expensive and quite hard to assemble.I think the quality is not bad especially the polished surface of the ring. However, the two parts do not fit 100%, as you can see in the photo. There would be a slight gap (less than 1mm, I guess). Luckily it's not that obvious.Some ask whether the place where the 2 parts meet would be sharp. The answer is yes. But then if you put them together and you have the correct ring size, no scratch would be made even when you turn the ring on your finger (unless you squeeze them to part).I'm quite happy with the purchase. Seems it's not that easy to find this particular design. The only advice I'd give is to have the correct ring size, otherwise the parts will become loose and you'll be having a hard time wearing it. <end>
 B000KBPNZG  Stainless Steel Engraved Chinese Character High Polish Flat Band ||	  Beautiful!  This is exactly what I wanted... I couldnt have made it better myself. It's beautiful...it's been a year and it has not tarnished, scratched, etc...and it's for my husband who wears it everyday to work... I'd definitely buy it if I were you. <end>
 B000KCUB8O  Steering Wheel Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Not what I hoped  These are okay but were a little cheaper-looking and more gimmicky than I hoped. I gave these as a present and felt a little funny because they almost looked like plastic. I think it might be because the metal is brushed. They look better when they are on the shirt than they do in the box (look like buttons), however. <end>  Cool !  I bought this cufflinks for my husband as Christmas gift.I could not find this Steering Wheel cufflinks any other web site with this price.My husband really loves it! <end>
 B000KCYF18  Propeller Silver Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Well made  Well made and with good detail, especially for the price. I was worried the blades would be too thick and look cheap, but they're great. I definitely recommend them and would buy them again. <end>
 B000KD0AQQ  Metal Collar Stays in Glass Tube- 3 Pairs, 3 Sizes by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Nice product, but it was delivered wrong  I like the product, the stays are good, I like the finish of the product. The problem (and the reason why I'm rating it low), is that I didn't get 3 sizes, I got two pairs of the largest stays and one pair of the medium size, but no small size, and that is actually the size I use the most!Unfortunately I didn't realize of that problem until I was no longer in the States so I cannot return them now... <end>  Terrible product ....  This item was shipped and when it arrived it was shattered. The glass had spilled and I tried putting it back together but it didn't work. The metal pins are stained and I am unhappy with this purchase. <end>  Very handy  These are great for making that perfect shirt look even better. The problem is I keep losing them! I forget to take them out when I send my shirts to the cleaners and I wish I would stop doing that, but thats my problem right? Don't make it yours!! Remember to take them out when you take that shirt off! <end>  Glass Bottle Broken  The collar stays are what they are, collar stays. They work fine.The reason I chose these over other ones an amazon was so I could have a nice way of storing them (I keep losing the plastic ones that come with shirts).Imagine my disappointment when I open the box, and the first thing to come out is a shard of broken glass.The metal stays were shipped inside the bottle, which was inside a small cardboard box, which was inside a larger box with thicker cardboard. There wasn't any padding or anything, so I'm not surprised the bottle was broken. <end>  Doesn't Appear to be Solid Metal  Bought these to use with magnets to keep my collars straight. The magnets are incredibly strong, but don't stick very well to these stays. So, they don't work very well.If you're just looking for solid stays, these will do the trick. <end>  Does its job.  Bought these to replace the standard plastic stays that come pre-inserted. They do the job much better. For the price you can't beat it. <end>  Quality Product  i was shopping around for collar stays and i stumbled upon these on Amazon. Really cheap price and for the quality of this product it's worth every penny. Def recommend <end>  Nice  Now I have a few different size metal stays. I am more conscious to remove them. No more digging around to find proper-sized plastic stays that haven't been mutilated. <end>  Metal Collar Stays- Wow!  No more floppy collars! No worrying about melting them inside your shirt whilst ironing! 3 sizes for different sized collars! Nice felt carrying case! <end>  This makes a great gift!  I got these collar stays as a stocking stuffer for my boyfriend, and they are great. Some of the reviews say that are too wide or too large to fit easily into some shirts...but I did not experience that at all. They fit perfectly and easily into all of my boyfriend's shirt collars. They are very, very sturdy, classy looking, and functional. It was really nice the way Cuff Daddy packaged them also - they came in a beautiful black velvet drawstring pouch that was inside of a jewelry box. It was great for gift presentation, and it will make a great way to store them as well. <end>  Keeps collars straight  My husband has been very pleased with how straight these keep his collars thoroughout teh day. Definitely a crisper look <end>  Expected berree quality  The packaging id berree than the &iacute;tems. They are ok but I expected a little more quality. I wouldn't recommend this, maybe try the plastic options <end>  Metal Collar Stays Failure  The metal stays I received from Cuff Daddy appeared to be used, the description said new. The glass tube was chipped and 2 of the 6 stays were missed. Do not order from Cuff Daddy! <end>  great value  very pleased with my purchase. excelent value and they give your shirt that extra little bit of sharpness. as the other person said, they are a litle "larger" (were dealing with less than a couple milimeters here), but honestly i'd rather have these fit tightly in my collar and stay put than be all over the place. I'm also yet to find a shirt they don't fit in. <end>  practical additions to any man's wardrobe  These metallic collar stays are replacements for cheap plastic alternatives. They are virtually indestructible, do not bend under regular circumstances, and are just as heavy as needed to keep your collar in its best position.Their size is the one used by most shirts manufacturers, and most likely almost all you plastic stays will be of these dimensions.The metal used is not magnetic.For most men three pairs of collar stays (6 pcs.) are more than enough. <end>  Good collar stays  Not sure why people say these fit really tight--I wear pretty standard mid-range clothing (Calvin Klein, Hugo Boss, etc.), and they fit normally. On one shirt, they're actually too small. But regardless, nice, sturdy, effective collar stays. Just make sure to take them out before dry cleaning! <end>  Hard to find collar stays  I was pleased to find these stays at a reasonable price from a reliable vendor. The stays themselves are the right rigidity; a bit wide to fit in most standard collars but the do fit very tightly. <end>  So simple. Yet incredibly effective  I purchased these collar stays for my husband. He's an accountant, and has to wear dress shirts almost daily. His biggest pet peeve is not having a neat collar. These things work great. You simply insert them into the small pocket in your collar. It stays crisp and neat all day. I'm sure I will be a lifetime buyer. <end>  Quality Product  It can be difficult to find collar stays, especially the non-plastic variety. These were shipped quickly and packaged very well. They came in their own pouch and were individually wrapped. The stays work very well. The metal variety works much better than the ones made of plastic. It will keep the collar down without a problem. Highly recommended. <end>  great product  very functional product.it's usefulness is most noted when wearing today's wider euro knot and or a double windsor knot, to keep the collar down when not wearing a shirt w/ a spread collar.a must for men who care about their image, wardrobe and how they are interpreted. <end>  Suprisingly Satisfied! Very Cool Collar Stays.  I was actually suprised at how happy I was when I received these collar stays. When I first opened the package, I was disheartened by their size - since they appeared too wide to fit into any of my shirts... but alas - they fit perfectly! It's a tight fit, not so tight that it would damage my shirt, but tight enough to have the confidence that you won't loose them voluntarily. Thick enough not to bend unintentionally, like some collar stays I've had, not to mention the weight, as aforementioned in another review - give a professional appearance. Overall, an excellent, and highly recommended product. <end>  Not bad  Pros  keeps your collar stiff, good priceCons  It's metal inside of cloth so eventually I think it will actually damage my shirts collars, the sizes are limited; should have smaller sizes. <end>  Poor quality.  Great price but poor quality. Cheap thin metal compared to other collars stays I bought, I won;t be surprised if these rust. Plus one of the glass tubes was broken, i returned them all for a refund. For a few bucks more there are other better choices. <end>
 B000KDDAIG  6mm Wide Jade Band Light Purple Gemstone Ring Size 11.5 ||	  loved it  I loved the ring. It arrived just as described and in a timely manner. I would recommend. <end>  Purple Jade Ring  This is a very pretty ring. Mine was light purple with some imperfections in it that makes it clear it is a real mineral ring, not resin or something like that. I like that about it. Like the other reviewers suggest, a half size larger is a good idea.The gift box is very nice too. <end>  Lovely ring, beautifully packaged  A very pretty piece of jewelry, perfect for those like myself who get skin rashes from most metals. It arrived quickly, and was packaged like a beautiful little birthday gift! Very fragile, so wear with care -- and maybe buy two or three at this great price. <end>  Very pretty ring.  This ring is very pretty and looks great with all my other rings I wear. I highly recommend it. GemAvenue is a great place to do business as well. <end>  great ring, great price  This is a great ring for such a low price. I've read that these rings can break easily, but I've been lucky so far... besides, if it does, it was only $5 anyway. I would definitely buy from this company again. <end>  DEFINITELY fragile!  The seller is correct in stating that this ring is fragile. I wore this ring only once. When I was taking it off, it slipped out of my fingers and dropped approximately 8 inches into the sink bowl. The ring broke into 4 pieces. My concern would be that it might break while someone is wearing it - I would think it could cut someone. <end>  LIGHT PURPLE JADE RING  EXCELLENT QUALITY WORKMANSHIP. COLOR GLOWS IN THE SUNSHINE. VERY BEAUTIFUL. VERY GOOD JADE/JADEITE. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. <end>  Very pretty, nice price  This is a nice ring, but make sure to get at least a half size larger than you usually do, as these rings don't have any give like metal rings do. Also, this ring is a lighter colour than the picture shows. If it's real jade, which I'm not sure about, the colour will darken over time, but for now it's still a really light purple. I do still like this ring. It also came in a cute little gift box. It's a great price for a pretty ring. <end>  Cute but break easy  The purple isn't that dark....I was disappointed that it was lighter in color. I had it for about two weeks and I was out with friends and hit my hand on the able and the ring shattered. <end>  Darling for my Niece  I have to admit I was not purchasing this for my niece, I was getting it for myself but now that is has come I think I will give it to her as a gift. It is beautiful but I was expecting purple and its more pink also I miss read the size yes in the subject line it does say size 3.5 but then on the add to cart page theres a drop down box with sizes so I clicked my size. 3.5 fits on my pinky but alittle snug so I hate to give it up but the size and color would be perfect for my niece and it comes in a darling little box I am sure she will love it as much as I did, just wish it was my size and the purple color shown on the site. <end>  Replacement Jade Band...  Purchased this color jade band as a replacement for one that I lost....I needed a specific mm size to fit into the interlocking band that came with the original multi jade ring set.....PERFECT FIT!!! I would recommend this vendor to anyone and would purchase additional items again.....Thanks Amazon.com!! <end>  good stuff  Vendor responded to concerns quickly. Item came in great little box. Will continue to use. <end>  Just what I wanted!  I was thrilled to recieve my ring. The color is as I expected and I'm very much enjoying wearing it. I've had rings similar to this before and know you have to be careful or, yes, it will shatter. <end>  For the kids  I ordered a purple ring. The one I received was a light pink color. I don't know if they sent me the wrong one or if the website picture was off. It also had a crack in it, but I wasn't sure if that was an inherent part of this kind of jade. It didn't cost very much, so it wasn't worth my time to return it. It came in a cute heart-shaped box with a bow on top. I just gave it to my 3 year old daughter to play with. She liked it. She had it for a couple months and dropped it on a hard floor then it shattered into pieces. Oh well. She enjoyed it while it lasted. <end>  Purple Jade Band Ring  Beautiful ring, stronger than most gem bands I've worn in the past, and absolutely comfortable. I adore this ring! <end>  LIGHT PURPLE JADE BAND GENUINE GEMSTONE RING  MY RING WAS VERY LIGHT IN PURPLE LOOKED A LOT LIKE MY PINK AGATE RING SO IT IS HARD TO TELL THE TWO APART AND IF I DIDN'T KNOW THAT IS WAS LIGHT PURPLE YOU COULD MISTAKE IF FOR MY PINK RING. NICE PRODUCT ARRIVED VERY QUICKLY. WISH MINE WAS A LITTLE DARKER THEN IT IS. <end>
 B000KDJATO  2 Tone Yellow Cz Cocktail Ring ||	  bad experience with seller  I ordered this ring, looked unique. When I received it, I did not care for it. It sat up very high, really big. I sent it back and asked Hope Chest Jewelry to credit my visa, they did not. So I called them, the first thing they asked me was if I insured the ring when I sent it back, I did not, should have. They said ring was damaged in shipping, e-mailed me pictures of torn package and the ring, which we could see no damage, and the ring I sent back had tags on it, this ring did not. Asked them to either send me my ring back or money. Neither. Beware of this seller! <end>
 B000KDZGW4  Tungsten Carbide 5 mm Faceted Spinner Wedding Band Ring, sizes 7 to 14 ||	  My Humble Opinion  I love this ring. I have always liked spinner rings and have recently began collecting tungsten rings due to their durability and enduring shine. I now have the best of both worlds. A tungsten carbide spin ring. I recommend this retailer very highly. The transaction time between the date I ordered my ring until it arrived at my door was exceptionally short. I definitely will doing business here again. -A <end>   )  I received the product in a timely manner and it is a beautiful ring! My boyfriend loves it (mostly because it spins). It is a pretty color, and I don't know if it will get dinged up or not because he hasn't worn it long enough yet, but it is supposed to be a tough metal. It squeaked when he spun it for the first few days but after that it was fine  ) <end>  Nice enough ring  The spinning part is a bit narrow compared to the total width. Good for those who fidget. The fit between the two parts is enough to allow the center to rotate but not enough to allow it to rattle when it is being worn. She likes it, so that's good enough for me. <end>  It's spinnin' it's spinnin' it's spinnin'!!!  I'm sort of a non-traditionalist when it comes to jewelery. So when I had to choose a wedding band, I knew I wanted something different. Originally, I purchased this ring as a tester and was going to eventually go for something really fancy with gold inlays inside a faceted tungsten carbide ring that cost upward of $800. But I grew to love this ring very quickly and have opted to keep it. EVERYONE that sees this thing can't stop staring, and when they see me spinning it, they go bonkers.The seller was great  really fast on shipping, and when I had to exchange it (twice) because I mis-measured my ring size, there was absolutely no fuss or problems. To avoid my sizing troubles, go to a couple of jewelers and make sure to get sized using a "wide" sizer. These rings are NOT "comfort fit" so make sure you get one large enough to be comfortable. <end>  Very Cool Ring!  I spent DAYS looking for an unusual and cool spinner ring. Well, when I saw this one, I fell in love. It's unisex and may seem severe to some, but I really like it. I fiddle with my rings and this one reduces stress. Unique and very special. <end>  Wonderful surprise  This ring is awesome. Very beautiful. My husband loves it. One of the best gifts I have given him. Very durable. Very much worth the money. <end>  nice ring  Very nice ring. Would have gotten 5 stars if it was completely made of Tungsten Carbide. Portion that touches the skin is stainless steel. Then again, maybe Tungsten Carbide is too hard to be able to construct the bottom portion of the same material. Regardless, the ring is very nice. <end>  Awesome  This ring has been awesome! It fit my Fianc&eacute; perfectly! And it has provided unending entertainment...lol! It was delivered promptly. I have been very satisfied with it! <end>
 B000KE3Y9U  Silver Toned Bird Necklace ||	  beautiful necklace  my GF loves this necklace and she has had a lot of good positive feedback on it to! this is a soid recommandation. <end>  Silver Toned Bird Necklace  A very nice necklace. My granddaughter saw it on Amazon and "suggested" that it would be a nice Christmas gift.It arrived in four days and she was very pleased.Silver Toned Bird Necklace <end>  Can't clasp it  the necklace is pretty, however, the clasp wont open far enough to attach to the chain so I cant even wear it. <end>  Super Disappointed! Arrived BROKEN  Well, that will teach me to not check out merchandise before I wrap it up for Christmas. I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas, paid the one day shipping for $3.99. It came in the mail and I did not take it out of the plastic wrapping it was in when it arrived. I put it right in to the gift bag. My daughter opened it thie morning and the chain is broken, not even at the clasp. It is broke right in one of the chain links!!! Thanks for NOTHING. <end>
 B000KE5S4Y  Silver Toned Bird Earrings ||	  very pretty  The earrings were very nice. The only complaint is that they looked a little cheaper than I had hoped. however, they were wrapped beautifully and my friend loved them. Great service, fast shipping. <end>
 B000KELFIM  Pave CZ Skull & Crossbones Sterling Silver Bracelet ||	  pave cz skull and crossbones bracelet  its ok, the the skulls and crossbones are smallllll and the bracelet is so petit, pretty but too delicate for a bracelet <end>
 B000KENJ1S  Three Tone Triple Roll Ring ||	  Great quality for the price  I am pleased with the look of this ring. I have been looking for a tri-tone look. I ordered one size larger because of the interlocking rings, I thought it may be tighter. Sometimes my fingers swell so I can easily wear the ring on two fingers. <end>  No staying power  This little ring looks pretty at first, but the three-tone wears out quickly to a uniform faded silver. Disappointing. <end>  Exactly what I wanted  3/1/2012 Follow-up  I do not wear this ring every day and it remains tri-colored. However, one of the rings has broken. I paid quite a bit less than what it is being sold for right now and I wouldn't pay the amount being asked today.The ring arrived in excellent time, condition and packaging. It was well described and is exactly what I wanted and expected it to be. <end>  Pretty for the first DAY or so  Horrible quality! The ring is electroplated and is already flaking off onto my fingers/hands whenever I wear it! Not worth the cost <end>
 B000KENJPO  Sterling Silver Bezel Set Eternity Band ||	  Color changed  Not a quality product. The color of the silver turned dark and faded. The stones are not set straight. My finger turned black from wearing it. <end>  bezel set band  This is a very nice ring. I bought this ring in clear and also in the sapphire color and I wear them both together as stackable rings. I have gotten so many compliments. They are very pretty and sparkle nicely. I am planning on buying the red one as well so I can mix and match the colors. <end>
 B000KEO0JS  Clearly Charming Lucky Enamel Green Clover Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  Cute!  I like the charm, it's really cute. I've had it for several months with no problems. <end>
 B000KEO6EW  Necklace, 16" Blue Topaz & Mesh Fancy Sterling Silver the Katie Collection ||	  Gorgeous Sleek Blue Topaz Necklace  This sterling silver mesh necklace is beautiful and sleek with a center set round blue topaz. The necklace and stone lie flat and the stone is a light blue color. For me the necklace was more of a choker style even though the length is close to 16". Wonderful item to wear all year. Very pleased with the necklace and the seller. Thank you <end>
 B000KFMTEA  Pregnant Belly Button Ring with Purple UV ends ||	  What a great product!  This arrived in 2 days- amazing customer service. I bought 2 of these pregnancy rings to use as barbells for my industrial piercing, and they're great. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a unique barbell to wear in an industrial/scaffolding piercing, as well as to any pregnant woman looking to preserve her navel piercing. Great product! <end>  great for pregnant bellies  This belly button ring was exactly what I need for my growing belly. I was able to cut it to the size I needed and the self threading balls work like a charm, I have had no problem with them coming off. It is very comfortable and I'm extremely happy with this purchase! <end>  It's ok gets the job done  I like that it is felxible but it bent a little in the middle. Idk i gets the job done. <end>  Useless  Couldn't even get the bar to fit into the ball ends, let alone wear it. Completely useless, which should be obvious because of how cheap it is. I had to go elsewear to find a good pregnant belly button ring. <end>
 B000KFOW9A  SPIDER - Solar Blue GEM Belly Ring ||	   )  I purchased this Spider to wear around the Halloween season. it's really cute but I wouldn't recommend wearing it too bed. It irritated my stomach so i was a little annoyed at 3 AM when i decided sleeping with it wasn't working out for me. It's comfortable throughout the day and really cute.  ) <end>
 B000KFQLEY  Solar Blue Gem Explosion Belly Button Ring ||	  Very eye catching  I haven't worn this one yet but it's really pretty. I was hoping it wasn't going to be massive and I really like the size! The total size of the explosion is about the size of my thumb so its super cute! <end>  exactly what I wanted  I ordered this product because I wanted something blue and unique. This definitely fit my criteria. It's a beautiful ice blue color; not too big, not too small. Just right. <end>  Good price, good quality  I have had this belly ring for a long time now and it has lasted all this time. It is still my favourite one, because it is still beautiful. Very good price for it. <end>
 B000KFQLLW  Crystalline Cz Gem Circular Chandelier Dangle Belly Ring ||	  My favorite - I'd give this ten stars if I could!  This belly ring is amazingly beautiful - it is even prettier than the picture! If you are thinking about buying this, you won't be disappointed. The combination of the aurora and clear cubic zirconia jewels is completely breathtaking - definitely an eye-catcher. Great quality. This is my absolute favorite belly ring! <end>
 B000KFQLMG  Aquamarine CZ Gem CIRCULAR CHANDELIER Dangle Belly Ring ||	  Very poor quality.  Daughter received this as a Christmas gift. She pulled it out of the little bag and started to flatten it out when it crumbled in her hands. Excellent customer service to get refund though and rep aplolgetic and stated would contact manufacturer about the problem. <end>
 B000KFSCEQ  NCAA Fresno State Bulldogs 50-Inch-by-60-Inch Micro Raschel Throw "Property Of" Design ||	  Well made and plush  Vibrant colors have stayed vibrant after several washes. The throw is true to size and is well made. Have had it about a month now. <end>
 B000KFUCGC  Powell Louis Philippe Jewelry Armoire ||	  Do not buy from this company  Product was defective, wood surface had scratches on it, and it looked like someone had tried to stain over the scratches. Side doors for necklaces do not open, drawers stick and are hard to open. <end>  Item 5 stars, packaging 1 star  This is a beautiful Jewelry Armoire, solid wood, well made and worth every penny. It is a gorgeous piece of furniture with lined drawers (one for rings) that slide in and out easily. The side doors, which also open easily, are wonderful for hanging necklaces of all lengths.I had a small problem, it arrived with a chunk out of the lid. It was poorly packaged, so to my surprise it was in perfect condition other than the top. I spoke with a friendly and very helpful Amazon customer service representative (Ashley) who gave me the manufacturers name, phone number and the item number, so I was able to order the top piece. Amazon would have sent a whole new Armoire, without hesitation, but all I needed was a new top, which I look forward to receiving in a few days.Follow-Up  Received the part in 2 days. We replaced the broken lid and it is now perfect. Amazon, and the company that makes this Armoire, had terrific Customer Service. I couldn't be happier with my purchase. You will love it too.With some of the negative reviews listed, I would suggest you purchase this item only from Amazon. If you have a problem, they will make sure it is corrected either by replacing the whole Armoire, or just a broken part. <end>  Absolutely Perfect!  Santa brought me this jewelry armoire for Christmas and it's perfect. It's beautiful, looks EXACTLY like the picture, is just the right size, and required minimal assembly (the top is not attached and it took about 5 minutes and a screwdriver to attach).The drawers are light-weight and easily pull out to be set on the bed so I can look at my jewelry options. The side-doors close with a magnetic latch and don't even look like doors when they are closed. There are 10 double hooks on each side for necklaces (or necklace/bracelet pairs) and the hooks are slightly offset so longer necklaces have room to hang clear of others.The lower drawers are deep enough for ring rests (I have some from my grandmother which I am keeping even though the rings are in the velvet rolls now!) and for small boxes of jewelry. I am thrilled to have the space in those drawers to store jewelry that I want to keep, but that is not really part of my regular set of options now (heirloom, old childhood, or seasonal).Love it! <end>  So little for so much!  This jewelry armoire arrived on time, but that was about the only good thing about it! Several of the drawers had chipped corners, and you could see where some areas had been chipped and unsuccessfully stained to match.one drawer front had been glued on crookedly, and sat in the chest at an angle. I filled out the parts form provided and faxed it to the company, no response. I then e mailed them, and received the new drawers within 7 days. Unfortunately the new parts had problems too. One of the drawers had been drilled twice for a drawer pull, which makes the hole too big and the pull wiggled. One of the drawers came with a mashed up corner, and the third was a very dark stain that really doesn't match. I do not want to deal with a company that has such poor products, however, I guess I will have to keep at it until we get it right. Buyer beware, for a high price, you are buying a problem! <end>  Damaged from manufacturer  This item was exactly what we were looking for, but like the other review, this one too had a small scratch on the outside top edge of second drawer and about a 1 inch scratch inside the top drawer (front/top) that was down to the wood.Contacted Amazon.com after hunting down the phone number and was on hold phone for 30 minutes trying to get a replacement ordered. Yes, that had something to do with my rating. Was specific in description should someone else receive this same unit. <end>  Decent  I bought this armoire because in all the photos I saw of it on several sites, it looked like a perfect match to my existing bedrm furniture and I wanted to put all my jewelry in one place. The price on Amazon was by far the lowest. The item arrived a full 5 days before I was expecting it and was well packaged. The color is quite a bit lighter and redder than the photos, but it does not clash with my current furniture. Assembly of the top mirrored section was easy. Hardware is included to secure the armoire to the wall behind it to avoid it tipping over, especially if the upper drawers are loaded more heavily than the lower ones. The drawers are very uniformly made, so if I switch all the ones around that are the same size, they still all fit well in the drawer spaces. If you want to pull out the entire drawer to view your jewelry options, then this armoire is great, but if you just want to pull out the drawers a bit, be careful as there is nothing to stop the drawers from coming out all the way. I would have given it 5 stars if the color was more what I wanted. <end>  Love it  I received this armoire as a Christmas present from my husband and I am thrilled. This piece is absolutely beautiful, is very heavy and sturdy and has so much room for all my jewelry pieces. The cherry finish is very rich looking and I am getting many compliments. The only assembly was attaching the mirrored top in place. I would highly recommend this purchase. <end>  Very solid armoire  After much research into which armoire to buy, I can finally say I am not disappointed with buying this one. It is by far one of the most solid ones available right now. The drawers also have stoppers so they don't just come all the way out when opening them. In color it is a cherry brown. I have more darker furniture but this didn't look too odd when placed in my bedroom. My only gripe as always when buying from amazon is you never know what condition your item will arrive in. There were some minor scratches on the wood but luckily it is not too obvious to spot so I was happy to keep this item. <end>  Very pleased.  After reading many reviews regarding this product, I was not sure if I should buy it or not. Just about all of this item that was delivered arrived damaged. I took the risk because I trust Amazon. I am a woodworker and I believed the cause for this damage was packaging and shipping. This Armoire is a good match to my bedroom furniture. The Armoire was packaged well and UPS delievered it without any damage to the box. UPS also delivered at least two days early. Thankyou Amazon. <end>  Delivered soggy and damaged - nothing under the Xmas tree now!  So disappointed. Shipping carton is inferior and was delivered with various gashes, and packaging tape was coming undone in numerous locations. I photographed the massive carton on my porch before I even attempted to drag it into my house. To make it worse, it was raining and snowing and the cardboard was soaked. The biggest gash was on the side that protected the back of the jewelry box. I saw why that spot would gash from shipping stress when I opened it. That spot was empty, unsupported by any packaging material within the box, and made it a vulnerable spot, unfortunately leaving the back of the jewelry box exposed to harm. The major gash smashed the h*ll out of the back of the jewelry box back panel that is constructed out of some sort of pressed board (not made of real wood). I opened the box enough to see the damaged back panel and stopped, as otherwise it would be impossible to ship back. I hope the wood and front were ok, but couldn't tell without unpacking it all. (From what I could see, the wood finish looked nice and dark like I had hoped!) In addition to the gashes, the shipping carton is really wet from the weather it was left in. It will be interesting to see if I can tape the box back up in order to ship it back for the exchange. What a pain! I was forewarned by many negative feedback comments about the questionable shipping carton, but really liked the product. I gambled and lost. I requested an exchange. Now, not in time for Xmas. I seriously doubt that the jewelry box can arrive unscathed in the packaging as it exists today. Amazon please demand better packaging from this vendor. It's a $400 product, surely it deserves some more cardboard and Styrofoam!Bah humbug! <end>  Beautiful  This arrived in excellent condition, and I was able to attach the lid in only a few minutes. This is beautifully made and substantial- I will enjoy this for many years. <end>  Over priced for the quality  I give this 3 stars only because from a distance it looks like a nice piece of furniture. However, I wouldn't give it any stars for the craftmanship. This arrived in a damaged box, all hardware missing and there was absolutely no care put in to this armoire. Obviously no quality control. Really, this company gave me the impression that they just didn't care. The drawers do not slide smoothly. You have to manually line the drawers up so they can be even. Just a real disappointment. Oh, I did have to take a cloth and some Pledge to clean it up. Save your money. Overpriced! <end>  Girlfriend Loves it!  I must admit that when the box arrived I was immediately filled with a dread, based on previous reviews of how terrible the packing was. I got this as a Valentine present and knew it was a one time shot to get a good product without having to return it, etc. I suppose this is why you shouldn't judge a book by it's cover. I carefully opened the packing, which takes quite awhile because, as it turns out, the Armoire is EXTREMELY well protected. Once unpacked, I went over the product with a fine tooth comb and breathed a sigh of relief when I found nothing wrong, no bad fittings, sprung doors, drawers, etc. The only thing you have to do after unpacking is install the top, which is simple, all you need is a Phillips head driver, and you're done in 10 minutes.The excitement of my girlfriend seeing it in her bedroom was well worth the money and time. Speaking of money, the price was very good compared to others I looked at. As usual, I was won over by Amazons Prime shipping and no sales tax. <end>  Beautiful Armoire - Cherry Wood  Matches my bedroom furniture and is made so much better than many of the other armories that I looked at - very nice. <end>  Wife loved it !!!  Bought this as a surprise Christmas gift for my wife and she was thrilled with it so therefore I am as well. Had to return the first one though due to shipping damage. The packing is a little weak in my opinion for such a heavy item but the replacement arrived unscathed. The unit itself is well made and a nice piece of furniture. <end>  Absolutely lovely  This item arrived on time, and the packaging was great - its a BIG box, make sure you have help to get it inside. The armoire is roomy, the drawers are lined, the upper ones have dividers. The top lifts to allow for ring/watch storage and necklaces can be hung inside either side cabinet that swings open. The item is big, and heavy and a nicely crafted piece of furniture that I'll be enjoying having my husband work on filling in the years to come. <end>  Good product, bad company  Like other reviewers of this product, I like the build quality of the product but it came damaged from shipping. I sent in the information about the damaged product and have heard nothing back in a few months. Find another product from a different manufactuer, not worth the time trying to get it fixed. <end>  Great if you're not a perfectionist  The armoire is of very high quality; no particle board. My wife really liked it and I was very impressed with the materials and construction. It arrive 10 days early, in time for Christmas so that was a big plus. The down side on the design is that the drawers have neither glides nor stops, so when you open them, they tilt down at an angle and will pull out completely.There are however several other problem that you may have to deal with. The tape placed on the mirror lest a residue that was very difficult to remove. I spend 45 minutes starting with a glass cleaner to finally a strong chemical solvent and still could not completely remove the residue.The other problem I also read about in other reviews is that there will likely be damage, so if you expect an armoire in perfect condition, look elsewhere. In my case it looked like a sharp object scatched off the finish in the top front crown moulding. It was very visible to the eye so clearly the manufacture does not have proper quality controls in place. This was not shipping damage, but rather damage that occurred at the manufacturing/packaging plant. I used Old English to repair it and it's still visible, but only if you look up close. <end>  Beautiful Piece  I received my armoire today, and it is a beautiful useful piece of furniture. The color and the craftsmanship are very nice. It was a good buy for the price. <end>
 B000KFUD5M  Powell English Garden Jewelry Armoire ||	  Gorgeous!  This armoire @ $300 is priced like smaller/lesser quality/less attractive items at places like Bombay Company here in FL & other sellers online. It arrives very well packed via Fedex (Amazon emails a tracking #) & the only assembly is attaching the lid with the included screws. It is very sturdy & has LOTS of space. And of course it's beautiful. The photos (which are great) don't do it justice. This is a bargain for the price. No regrets. Will deal with Everything Furniture again if the opportunity presents itself. <end>
 B000KFWI9G  Powell Masterpiece Handpainted Wood Jewelry Armoire, Antiqued Parchment ||	  Very pleased  I ordered this armoire and it said I would receive it anywhere from February 8th - 13th. I received it yesterday on the 8th. When I got it, it was double boxed. It was packed very good and I didn't see any scratch or anything on it. This armoire is very heavy and looks more expensive than it is. I sent a picture to my cousin and she said it didn't look like an armoire, it looks more like a piece of bedroom furniture.I was very pleased with this product and I have been looking a long time. I was looking for one that would go with my oak bedroom suite and this will match it really good. The only thing I wish it had and I have not found it in any of them was somewhere to put my earrings. I guess I will just put them in little containers like someone else suggested or buy a separate earring holder. If you order it, I don't think you will be disappointed. <end>  Very nice but,....  Piece is very nice but, the piece I received is much darker than the picture. Top and base are dark stain and body of piece is a darker antique finish than I expected. I think I will keep the piece anyway, it is very nice. <end>  Could have been better...  Although the product looked good for the most part, there were MANY nicks, dings and chips all along the sides and top of the box. It would be too much of a hassle to attempt a return. Lucky for me the person who I gave it to didn't care too much about the chips. I doubt I will ever buy anything like this online again. <end>  Jewelry armoire  Much golder then it looks in picture, wasn't sure if I liked it at first. But after putting in my room with all cherry furniture it looks really nice. Lots of room for jewelry. I looked at a lot before I purchased and I'm happy with this one. <end>  woww!  im going to buy this for my jewelries.. they need a place that they can call home..! lol!i simply like the design.. i just hope it ain't this expensive! <end>  Attention grabber  Beautiful piece of furniture, looks magnificent.It actually holds a ton of jewelry as well, functional as well. Most other jewelry boxes like this are crappy. <end>  a great armoire!!  Amazingly, ordered this on tuesday and it arrived friday morning. My wife was thrilled. She had been looking for months for an armoire without finding one she liked. This piece is unique and easily holds all her jewelry. The construction was first rate(not cheap) and it arrived in perfect condition. Would recommend this for anyone looking for a unique gift. <end>  Beautiful item, well delivered, well priced.  A fantastic find. My girlfriend could not be more happy. One of the best purchases I have EVER made online. <end>  Handpainted Wood Jewelry Armoire  Received promptly. It is a beautiful armoire that any woman would be proud to own. The top came in damaged, however, I called the company and they immediately ordered a replacement from the manufacturer. This company is excellent to work with and I would purchase items from them again. <end>  very nice  Product shipped on time. Packed very well. Beautiful piece, my wife loves it. Although she does not have enough jewelry to fill armoire, she assures me that that is a minor detail 0 <end>  I'm in love  )  I like this jewelry armoire for several reasons.First, and less seriously, I'm in my 20s and my furniture is still pastel colors from when I was about 8. I've been thinking about antiquing it, but I've had no good ideas. This armoire has inspired me to finally sand down and refinish my furniture!Secondly, the aesthetics. As a few reviewers have mentioned, the finish is a lot more yellow than the actual picture shows. Not a bad yellow. I'd describe it as a neutral yellow. There aren't many (if any at all) reds or pinks or oranges in the undertones. It's a semi-dark sandy color with darker brown highlights to antique it. (However, from reading other reviews, it seems that the paint differs from armoire to armoire). It's hard to tell from the enlarged picture, but on the necklace doors, there is an edging of ivy. It's a light olive green color with a little bit of antiqued pink streaks/flower buds? on the ivy. The drawer design is the same as the picture, but the design isn't as bright - all the colors have a darker, antiquated look to them.Thirdly - the space! Oh, how I love, love, love, love, love the space! I have TONS of jewelry. I've loved jewelry since I was young so I always receive it as gifts (who am I to complain?  ) ) and have accumulated lots over 20 years. What makes it worse  I design and make my own jewelry. My aunt got me a good size jewelry box last Christmas and it seemed to be the perfect size with room to grow. Now, it's stuffed. I searched high and low for a larger jewelry box. Apparently, they don't get too much larger. I was tentative buying an armoire, but weighing the pros and cons, I started looking around. I loved this armoire the first time I saw it. I continued looking, but kept this armoire tab open on the internet as I narrowed down my selections.I'm glad I bought this. I have jewelry in various locations - top of dresser, in dresser, jewelry box, etc. It's *chaos!* Now, everything is all together! I'll give a break down of how I organized it...Top (under the lid) Rings in the ring rolls. Stud earrings. (I used the "Darice 2025-251 Clear Bead Container with 24 Storage Jars" - the box fits perfectly in between the ring rolls and lays out all the colors, etc at your finger tips. Oh, and the containers are also good if you think you might need a change of earrings; just grab and throw in your purse/bag. The plastic keeps them safe. Oh! Another one - if you need to clean jewelry (make sure it's okay to clean it with a drop of soap and water first) - mix the soap and water, fill up the container, let it sit, rinse, dry and replace back in the armoire!).First drawer (divided into 9 squares) Dangle earrings.Second drawer (divided into 6 squares) Bracelets.Third - Seventh (open) There's no rhyme or reason to these. Third is a variety of pendants in an old bead organizer. Fourth and fifth are my boxed jewelry. Six and seven are debatable. I have some documentation to go with some of my jewelry so it will probably go there.Necklace doors I'd think this was relatively, well, obvious. Necklaces everywhere!!!(I realize that was ridiculously long, but when I first got this piece, I was thought, "What am I going to do with all this space?" So I thought I'd throw out my ideas/what I did for organizing).Let's see... I also need to talk about shipping! I ordered my piece from Visiondecor Furniture. I ordered it on Thursday, July 7th at night and got it the following Wednesday (much better than the Amazon prediction of August 4th). It was securely packaged. There was a cardboard box. Then another cardboard box inside of that. Then there was Styrofoam with the thin packaging foam over the edges of the furniture. I was relieved to see it packaged so well and with no scratches, etc. I was worried when I saw other reviewers have shipping issues.Weight  It's pretty heavy. I couldn't carry it myself, so my father helped me. I was able to get it out of the box and stood it up myself, but I didn't take it up my stairs. (It does make it lighterif you take out drawers before moving up the stairs and that also saves the drawers in case of an accidental mishap).Lastly, I also had issues with the pre-drilled holes for the lid. If I centered up the holes in the back, the front looked funny and off-center. So, I lined up with the front, and my father drilled me more holes. Took maybe 5 - 10 minutes and wasn't a big hassle.Hope this helps! Like one reviewer said, this piece goes well if you have a traditional, timeless look. I agree, and I'd add  especially if you like a little bit of color! <end>  Beautiful!  I was so amazed at how quickly this item was at my door after ordering. I ordered on Monday afternoon, and I had the item Wednesday evening. The Armoire is just beautiful, prettier than the picture. It will compliment any bedroom. And it's HUGE...best I've seen for necklace storage. <end>  Jewelry Armoire  I really like this little armoire. We looked at many, many online and chose this one. It arrived in a timely manner and is nicer than several we've seen in stores. Best of all--there are no more piles of jewelry on my dresser! <end>  Large Armoire  This jewelry armoire holds a lot of jewelry and accessories. Arrived very quickly and packaged very well for shipping. Basic assembly. I am dissapointed with the "antiqued parchment", appears to be a yellow color to me and the lid and base is too dark of a stain for my taste. Handpainting looks beautiful. Overall, this piece looks like a family heirloom in my master bedroom. <end>  Beautiful Jewelry Armoire  This is a beautiful, heavy jewelry armoire. Prettier than the picture!Willygoat is an excellent seller to purchase this item from! <end>  almost perfect  I bought this jewelry armoire for my wife for christmas. I had been looking high and low for something different, but functional. She's got loads of jewelry, necklaces, earrings and I needed something that had enough room to accomodate everything while not taking away from the aesthetics. I found this on a couple of websites, but Amazon had the best price. Since it was so close to Xmas, i was told it wouldn't arrive until after Xmas. I still thought it was the nicest one I saw and so I ordered it and planned to print a picture and wrap it for my wife to see on Xmas day. Then to my pleasant surprise, on Xmas eve, only three days after I ordered it, I saw a UPS van pull up and off come the armoire. it was perfect, because my wife was out of the house and I could secretly wrap it and get it beside the tree. needless to say, she loves it. it really is a beautiful piece and the coloring, accenting is spot-on to the photos I had seen online. it looks like a piece that's been passed down over the years, something my wife appreciates.the only hiccup in the product is that the holes where you attach the covering lid were slightly off and thus, I needed to make a couple myself with a small drill bit. it sounds worse than it was. it was easy to re-align the lid and it works perfectly.i would recommned this product to anyone who enjoys more traditional, antique -type style. we have dark wood furntire in our master bedroom and this compliments it very well. <end>  Powell Jewelry Armoire  This beautiful armoire arrived on time and in perfect condition. Our daughter was thrilled and it will definitely be a keepsake. It was well worth the price and we highly recommend purchasing this item from Amazon.com. We looked at several armoires in various department stores and none of them compare with the quality and workmanship of this Powell armoire. <end>  Disappointed !  I was disappointed when I saw the armoire in person. It's not nearly as pretty as in the picture. It's actually rather dull. I must admit I was influenced by the rave reviews of others. The quality was lacking, I believe it is overpriced. I was sorely disappointed.S.D. <end>  Company STINKS but the piece is beautiful!  I ordered this for my neighbor. When it arrived, the mirror was broken on the top, and the top had several scratches on it. I have been trying to get a new top out of Powell (the manufacturer) since late February, 2012. I filled out their form and faxed it over. After 2 months of not hearing a word and not getting my top, I emailed them. They got right back to me, said it was back ordered, and that was the last I ever heard from them.Even with the scratches and broken mirror, it's a beautiful armoire and my neighbor loves it, so that's good, but I'm still ticked that they have a broken armoire and paid good money for it! <end>  Beautiful addition to my bathroom  Order this jewelry armoire with confidence! It looks just like the picture---and it is accurately described. I love having all of my earrings necklaces and pins stored in an orderly fashion. I used to have this horrible jumble of chains and necklaces on my dresser. When I was organizing my new armoire I came across jewelry that I forgot I even have! I researched this kind of armoire for a long time and I am confident that I got the best one ------- at a reasonable price. <end>  A Beautiful Heirloom!  I ordered this jewelry armoire and expected to get a much smaller and less impressive piece.... Boy was I pleased when it arrived. My daughter-in-law will be passing this down to her daughter and this will happen for generations to come! What a beautiful heirloom! <end>  Gorgeous!  Very glad I selected this beauty and perfect as it has helped organize my jewelry. Beautiful addition in my home and more sturdy and well designed than expected. Handpainted design better in person. Easy to assemble and well packed for delivery. <end>  Damaged product sent TWICE  First, we received the armoire with a very noticable scratch on the bottom. Amazon arranged for a second armoire to be delivered. The second armoire was damaged even WORSE than the first. Very poor quality control to send out a REPLACEMENT item that is damaged. I must say that amazon was very nice to deal with in resolving this matter. This might be a nice item IF you are lucky enough to get one undamaged. <end>  The wife couldn't have been happier  Nicely done, functional and looks great in the master bedroom. It is probably the prettiest jewelry armoire I have seen to date. Its tall and fits our Mediterranean decor. I have bought my wife all types of gifts over the years (some pricey) and she said this was the coolest gift I have ever given her. Here's a hint, buy it and give it to her for no particular reason. <end>  Classy  A gift for our daugher. She moves things around alot in her house and this piece fits in everyroom. Plenty of space for all types of jewelry. Like the price for the quality. It actually is better quality than I had expected. Great. <end>  beautiful  a graduation gift for my daughter. beautiful, beautiful, beautiful! it was arrived very quickly and was in perfect shape, only had to screw on the top. craftsmanship is very nice. there is a funny space at the top where the lid meets the rest of the piece. it is not a flaw just a space. no one else noticed it but me. i may be to picky. it is a beautiful piece, not a normal looking armoire. it is very nice. would buy from this seller again. <end>  Not so difficult a choice after reading reviews, Thanks!!  I researched this armoire and another one on Amazon by Coaster "Jewelry Armoire in Green Tint Finish". They are similar in build and function. I was looking for an armoire with a lot of necklace hooks. I like the two rows on this and the one by Coaster. The Coaster one retails for over $700. But, after comparing the reviews on the 2 armoires the choice became clear. I am going to choose the Powell armoire. I usually pay more attention to the "bad reviews" than the good ones. This armoire has very few bad reviews and the great reviews are all similar in their message. The Coaster armoire had not only poor workmanship, but terrible customer service reviews. The bad reviews out-numbered the good. Thank you for helping me make up my mind. I will be sure and edit this review of the Powell armoire when it arrives. <end>  Wonderful piece  I love the antique look it has to it and the hand-painted detail isjust beautiful! It is so much more than I ever expected it would be.The only thing I am a little disappointed with is the size. It is alittle smaller than the one I replaced it with so I had a little troublefitting everything into this one but all in all the beauty of it far outweighs the size as it was not as important as how beautiful it looks inmy bedroom. <end>  Very different from photo  Literally just unpacked it so I can't account for its durability or use over time, but it appears to be well made and of high quality. Lots of space for hundreds of pieces of jewelry. Three stars because it is nothing like the photo. You can't even blame it on lighting. The top and base are DARK wood stain. According to the product photo, the whole piece is of the same antique parchment. Take a look at the pics... <end>  Really Nice Armoire  I just received it from a different seller, the price at the time was a little cheaper but now Amazon is selling it for $5 less than I paid. The drawers are different sizes, some with compartments and move smoothly. The lining as per the seller is brown rayon, but a velvet like material. The chest is heavy and solid. The chest is graceful and the painted design is lovely. Also painted design on the sides. I am not handy. so screwing in these four little nails is a task for me, but I will manage. Lots of room and it is very pretty. The color is dull old yellow/gold, just think about what "antique parchment" really is, like the constitution of the US, sort of a little yellowish. The top and bottom are sort of medium dark brownish. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  Ordered it for the wife and she loves it!  First of all the product was packaged and shipped well for us. I actually ordered it as a Christmas present for my wife and did not open the packaging until Christmas day. So opening it up and seeing no visual defects was great!This thing has space galore, hopefully it will be years before my wife fills this up. The build quality is decent and it does look rather good in our home.One of the toughest purchases I made ever online as I had no way to tell the quality of the piece unless I bought it and had it delivered to my home. Glad to report that it worked out well for us and will look to this seller again for similar items in the future. <end>  Love it!  I have been admiring this jewelry armoire for a couple of years. Since the price dropped below $300.00 with free shipping, I finally purchased.It came well packaged and double boxed by UPS. Ordered on July 8, 2012 and delivered July 13, 2012.Very heavy, well made piece of furniture - almost 70lbs. Easy assembly - just four screws and a small phillips screwdriver.Looks very much like the picture, but I agree with other reviewers that base and top wood is slightly darker than it appears in the picture, but I love it!Glad I finally purchased. <end>  Good  Received the product in a timely manner. The picture was an accurate portrayal of the armoire. Bought it for my wife who loves vintage furniture. Gave a good vintage feel however material was clearly 'cheapish', but I guess I should have been able to guess that given the price. It definitely serves its purpose and my wife loves it. Solid buy for this value but not worth much more than that. <end>  powell handpainted Jewelry Armoire  I love my armoire. I bought it for Christmas for myself. It is just what I wanted. It has plenty of space for all I have and then some. It came on time and it looked great. 'Thanks Amazon <end>  As Expected  First armoire shipped had a manufacturer defect. The veneer wasn't adhering to the carving just below the lid. Sent back and kept the second delivery. My opinion is that the product is a good $50-$75 overpriced. The main reason is the construction of the drawers is slightly below average. However, there really isn't anything on the market that compares to the look and functionality of this armoire, so you still won't find a better value. Our daughter will love it and and it will last many many years. <end>  I love this beautiful piece!  I am very satisfied with this purchase, it's worth every penny! The quality is great and it is absolutely beautiful just like the jewels I store in it.  ) <end>  Fantastic Piece of Furniture  I purchased this product as a wedding present for my future wife, along with a new piece of jewelry for inside. This piece is absolutely perfect. The work is very intricate and looks great in my room. It's functional art!The woodwork is great and very sturdy. The drawers have plenty of room for jewelry and the additional deep drawers on the bottom are great for storage.I could not be happier with this piece and highly recommend this product if you are in the market for a jewelry armoire.Finally, the shipping was great. I ordered on a Friday and it arrived on Monday. Couldn't ask for more! <end>  Beautiful piece....Beware of Damages  This is by far the most unique jewelry armoire I have seen in years. I found it and immediately ordered it for my overwhelming jewelry collection. It arrived a few days after I purchased it online, way before the scheduled shipping date.When I opened it up it looked fabulous, even prettier than the pictures. It has an antique feel and looks beautiful in my mixed matched bedroom. However at the top there was a large piece of the wood that was chipped and broken off...right under the lid that opens up the mirror. Thankfully my husband worked in a woodworking shop for years and is able to fix the damaged part using wood fill, sanding and then re staining the wood. This is very disappointing and a hassle for us to have to fix something I just purchased and for such a high price. And if I didn't have my husband to fix it, what a bigger hassle that would be to get this large, heavy piece of furniture back in the box and have it shipped back to the manufacturer, only to wait for another armoir.Never the less, this piece is a perfect addition to my bedroom. And has more than enough room for my large amounts of jewelry. If it weren't damaged it would be the perfect buy. <end>  Satisfied customer!  Great solution to jewelry organization! Roomy, good quality for price, blends beautifully with my mix and sort-of-matching bedroom, combination of antique and thrift store. I just put some organizers in the bigger bottom drawers and have a custom storage unit. This could go in almost any room and fit in - I have an 1857 small farmhouse with no basement or closets and am always looking for versatility and storage. Bottom drawers are large enough for undies, scarves, belts, socks, etc. Highly recommend! <end>  Beautifully stunning!!!  For our one year anniversary, I asked my husband for a jewelry armoire. He surprised me with this masterpiece; I'm in love with it. The handpainting and handcarving finishes the piece like a work of art. This is a very sturdy piece of furniture. It's hard to tell it's all wood because they painted it so well. My husband is a master carpenter and marveled at their detail. It's worth every penny he paid. Plenty of space for all my accessories and space for future items. ;) I just can't get over how beautiful this piece is, we've decided we need new bedroom furniture to fully display this work of art!!! <end>  Beautiful Armoire  I love this jewelry armoire. It is even more beautiful than it looked on-line. And it arrived very quickly!! <end>  Well done jewelry armoire  I really like this beautiful armoire. It makes it so much easier to decide what earrings and necklaces to wear because of all the extra space I have to view them. I'm hoping that things will tarnish less. I'm trying sticks of chalk in each compartment because I read that chalk will prevent tarnish. The top was damaged in transit. But, the Powell company replaced it without any hassles. <end>  This is a beautiful cabinet  I love this purchase. The cabinet is well made -- and it looks great in my room. I think it looks even better than the picture for the product. We thought we hadn't received the screws, but they were in the packaging. Highly recommend this product! <end>
 B000KFWIIM  Powell French Country Cherry Jewelry Armoire ||	  Rare Beauty  My husband of 48 years gave me this beautiful jewelry armoire for Christmas 2007. It's a piece of exquisite furniture that will fit in any decor. It looks like an expensive antique. Even though I have had it only two days, I adore it. The drawers are very deep, and it has many nooks and crannys for my years of accumulated jewelry. <end>  Good quality piece of furniture  This piece is well constructed and worth the money. It's beautiful and my wife likes it. <end>
 B000KGKMEI  PalmBeach Jewelry 9.32 TCW Oval Cut Cubic Zirconia 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Textured Cocktail Ring ||	  Cubic Zirconia Ring  Beautiful ring. One of the best rings I ever bought for the price..Definite buy.. <end>  looks better in person  This ring is beautiful, fits true to size, and durable. I've owned this one for over a year and wear it often, it goes with everything and get alot of compliments. I would recommend! <end>  I love it  I love this ring I get so many compliments on it and when the light hits the reflections is outstanding <end>  Good Purchase  Beautiful ring, but not quite as good looking as the picture. I think the gold looks a little heavier in the picture than it does when it arrived.However, this ring is pretty and has gotten several compliments. It also arrived in great time. <end>  Wow Stunner!!  OMG Love this ring, at first I was like wow its big but after wearing it out getting major compliments and wore it longer It grew on me and I am even happier with it the more I wear it. It sparkles awesome at night and the cut is perfect. I wear it on my Index finger as a cocktail ring, and my very picky sister actually loved it and was shocked that I found it on amazon.com for such a great price thru Palm beach jewlery they are a great company. <end>
 B000KGMTH6  PalmBeach Jewelry Diamond 10k Gold Cluster Ring ||	  Products Are Garbage And The Company Is Even WORSE!  My sister purchased this ring for my XX birthday.I absolutely hated it and asked her to return it. She returned the ring and after SEVERAL WEEKS noticed that her credit card hadn't been credited for the return.She contacted this company and they told her that they hadn't received the ring. My sister then proceeded to give the rep. The tracking number that showed that the ring was indeed signed for and received by Palmbeach Jewelry SEVERAL WEEKS ago.She was told to give it another week maybe by then it would be entered into the 'system' as being returned.Sis waited that one week.This time she received a phone call from someone in their accounts department who told her she needed documentation showing that the ring was shipped and received by Palmbeach Jewelry.My sister as well as the USPS faxed over the 'evidence'.You would think that this would be sufficient for this G-d awful company right???NO! Palmbeach Jewelry wanted more information, blood and a right arm!My sister told Palmbeach Jewelry that she wasn't going to submit anything further, this was now an internal issue and that she will just contact her credit card company to dispute the charge and file a complaint with the BBB.The Palmbeach Jewelry rep had the sheer gall to tell my sister that if she filed a complaint and disputed the charges she would never be able to shop with Palmbeach Jewelry again (((LOL)))Two weeks later a refund was issued.BEWARE!!! Read their reviews and check what others are saying about return issues.My sister made this purchase at PalmbeachJewelry.com not Amazon.One thing I can say about Amazon is they don't mess around when it comes to customer satisfaction. If my sister would've purchased through Amazon, I believe the matter would've been resolved IMMEDIATELY! <end>
 B000KGMTQW  PalmBeach Jewelry &quot;Serenity Prayer&quot; Cuff Bracelet ||	  Just beautiful  It is a joy to own this piece. I love the color of silver but, cannot wear sterling silver and white gold is expensive. However, this is made of stainless and therefore it will never turn. Just a beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>  beautiful but....  The bracelet seen on the web is a little off. I have a small wrist so when I received the bracelet I knew it would be large. The writing on the bracelet is smaller than I would have liked but beautifully done none the less. The construction and sturdiness of the bracelet is excellent and shiny. If it wasn't for the size it would be my favorite. <end>  Looked great  Bought this as a gift for a friend. He's not much of one to wear jewelry really, but had thoroughly enjoyed both the bracelet and the message imprinted on it. He's received loads of compliments about it. Great product. <end>  cuff bracelet  Did not realize that the prayer would be so small!!!!!!!!!! Need a magnify glass just to read it!! Quality is decent though. <end>  serenity prayer cuff bracelet  I was very pleased when I put this bracelet on my wrist. It is light and comfortable. The quality is very good. Love it! <end>  Excellent bracelet  Bracelet arrived nicely packed and in good condition. The writing is very very small but otherwise I am very much enjoying my purchase. <end>
 B000KGOVX6  Marquise-Cut Aurora Borealis Crystal White Crystal Accent 14k Yellow Gold-Plated Loop Ring ||	  Aurora Borealis Crystal Ring  This ring is just absolutely beautiful! It shines and looks like a real diamond and the price was right! I would highly recommend this ring to anyone looking for a great ring at a great price! <end>
 B000KH1CGE  Black Cat Silver and Enamel Earings by Zarah ||	  CLEARLY CHARMING CAT EARRINGS  DARLING EARRINGS ,MUCH NICER THAN I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE,WOULD RECCOMEND THESE TO ALL MY FRIENDS,N.DUVALL,OKLA. <end>  Adorable cat earrings  These cat earrings are adorable! They are really small though, almost perfect for little girls or toddlers. Makes a perfect gift! <end>  Cute  I bought these for my wife for Christmas and she loved them. The earrings are small but very detailed. Every cat loving woman needs these earrings. So go ahead and buy them and let the world know you are a feline fan. <end>  nice kitty earrings  I really like these earrings, the green and black are very beautiful. I did put tighter backings on them though and clipped the posts shorter so they stay on tighter and dont stab. <end>
 B000KH3DO8  Kitty Cat Silver and Enamel Earings by Zarah ||	  Beautiful  I was thrilled when I received these beautiful kitty cat earrings. They arrived promptly and were well packaged. The only concern I have is that over time they have started to tarnish. I'm not sure if it's because they've gotten wet or what has happened but on the backside the metal is starting to change color. The front still remains as beautiful as ever and I guess that's the part that counts the most. <end>  my teenager loves them!  my daughter at college misses her cat terribly so i sent these to cheer her up. she loves them good quality <end>  Adorable  I purchased these earrings for my 11 year old daughter's birthday. She is going through a cat phase right now (glad it's not boys yet!) She loved the little kitties and wears the earrings all the time. <end>  just what it says  Just what the item says. Clearly Charming. These earrings were cute and small and i could keep them in overnight which was one of the main things i was looking for. <end>
 B000KI3AX6  3 Stone Diamond Ring 14K Gold Past Present Future Band ||	  1 Carat 3 Stone Diamond 14K Two-Tone Gold Past, Present, and Future Ring  Very good quality, Guys watch the sizes. The one I got was to small. <end>
 B000KI7ECY  Allergic to Penicillin Alert Red Enamel Medical Symbol Laser Etched Italian Charm ||	  works  Good design and it works fine, does not hang up on clothing or anything else. It's print size is good. <end>  small  For a medical alert charm, I think this one is too small. In the enlarged picture it looks great - real life it it hard to read... What is A * T??? you have to guess that it would mean Allergic To, but in a medical emergency, do you really want them guessing??? <end>
 B000KIDDU6  WONDER WOMAN KEEPSAKE TIN BOX ||	  wonder owman tin  the item kinda took a while to arrive, lucky for me i wasn't on any kind of deadline...my tin was scratched but shipper was more than willing to make up for the indiscretions without even being prompted...would buy from this seller again... <end>
 B000KIPGAQ  Snowman with Scarf and Broom Christmas Holiday Theme Italian Charm ||	  Frosty  The best snowman Italian charm I saw on any link that I previewed. Well worth my money. <end>
 B000KK60EK  Gold & European Crystal Cat Pendant Necklace ||	  Great gift at the price  Decent jewelry with great package at an good price.The jewerly is good quality but better and more fun is the themed package. And the price is low enough to buy several of this series of jewerly. <end>
 B000KKIIA4  CZ Stardust Stiletto Earrings ||	  These are so beautiful!  These are so beautiful! It's just too bad there were not more when I ordered them... I love these earrings and would recommend them to anyone! They are just the right length too! <end>
 B000KKIJJO  Sterling Silver Tenderness Heart Ring Size 5 (Sizes 5 6 7 8 9 10 Available) ||	  Tenderness Heart Ring  My husband gave me this ring for valentines day this past year and I absolutely adore it. Really great fit to the finger and it's pretty yet simple for every day wear. <end>  D. from Stockbridge  The ring is pretty but very flexible which turned out good for me because I ordered for my ring finger and the size of it made it look better as a pinkie ring. <end>
 B000KKXOVC  Ladies 1ct Diamond Tennis Bracelet ||	  Great tennis bracelet  Received the bracelet and absolutely love it. It is so different from other tennis bracelets and sparkles all the time. I highly recommend this product. Love it!!!!!! <end>
 B000KL439I  Sterling Silver Oval Mercury Mist 9 x 7mm Post Stud Earrings ||	  Breathtaking  Just received these earrings today. They are just gorgeous! They sparkle like crazy in the light and I love the different colors in the topaz (purple, blue, green and yellow). Ordered these for my sister as a Christmas gift but I think I now have to buy another pair for myself. Love them! <end>
 B000KM0KUS  SilverBin Sterling Silver Bridal Set Eternity Style Brilliant Cut CZ Ring with Small CZ Accents ||	  Not worth the money  The picture and description for this ring set make the rings far more attractive than what they are up close and personal. The rings look like they are made of plastic - definitely not worth the money or 1 minute it takes to buy them. Extremely dissapointed. <end>
 B000KM0YAE  14K White Gold Ruby and Diamond Baby Shoe Pendant ||	  An absolutely wonderful baby shoe pendant.  The baby shoe pendant is beautiful. It is a good size and weight, and the stones are wonderfully set. It looks just as good as Aaron Basha for a fraction of the cost. I got it for the birth of my daughter and I wear it all the time. Everyone that sees it compliments me on how great it looks. I highly recommend it. <end>  beautiful product but terrible customer service  I returned this pendant because it was a little larger than another baby shoe that I wanted to wear it with, but it was beautiful! Unfortunately I have yet to have my return processed, which was mailed out a couple weeks ago. When I contacted NETAYA regarding when my refund would be issued, I was told that they "would look for the box and email me when it was processed". I wouldn't recommend making a purchase from this online retailer. <end>
 B000KM0YEU  Silver & Diamond Panther Pendant ||	  Sterling Jewelry  This is a beautifully executed slide, exactly as advertised. It's nottoo heavy and hangs nicely from a neckwire as well as from a thickleather cord. <end>  Great gift for a Panther's Fan  This was a gift for my mother-in-law. She lives in Charlotte where the Carolina Panthers are based. I thought she would enjoy it as she is a fan of the Panthers. I Loved it myself. Fantastic item and delivery. Quality we expect when we order from Amazon. I order from Amazon vendors with confidence and this vendor will see more purchases from us in the future. This is a GREAT item! <end>  Great Buy Beautiful Slide Pendant  I am very happy with the quality of this slide pendant it is beautiful and the price is fantastic for a piece of jewelry like this. Even my young grandchildren noticed I was wearing it on Christmas day for the first time with positive comments as they were opening their gifts from Santa, need I say more? <end>
 B000KM4ENC  Sterling Silver Arform Shiny Hoop Earring ||	  Beautiful but unwearable  I bought these as part of my wife's Christmas gifts, but was unable to get them before Christmas. I thought they would look nice with the Byzantine bracelet I also purchased.They arrive very quickly, but when my wife tried to put them on, one of them has its post so large that she was unable to get it thru her piercing. I plan to return and exchange them for something with a little more quality control if its not too late. Otherwise she's stuck with them in her jewelry box, pretty but unwearable... <end>  ear impact  These earings have big impact because of their size and the great shine. The detailing also grabs ones attention. <end>  WYSIWYG  I am not much into silver jewelries but this pair of sterling silver earrings are beautifully designed. They are light on the ears, unique, and casual but elegant. I am so thrilled to have purchased this pair of earrings. <end>  Lovely Earrings  These earrings were exactly as represented. They look lovely on and I have received many favorable comments. <end>
 B000KM8IO8  Sterling Silver Polished Triple "J" Hoop Earring ||	  Terrible quality, cheap-looking  I was amazed when I received these earrings, thinking that they would look like the picture online. They are the cheapest-looking earrings--the silver was tarnished in certain places, giving a "patchy" look; the posts weren't soldered on correctly, so they stuck out at weird angles. DO NOT BUY from this company! You will regret it. Amazing they can get away with it. <end>  cheap junk  I was very disappointed with these earrings. They were so lightweight and seemed like tin. The color was dull and looked cheap. Don't bother. <end>
 B000KN6ZOM  Amazon.com  Silver Loving Family Necklace 1 Parent, 3 CHILDREN  Clothing ||	  Ordered 2; Both Chains Were Tarnished and Pendants Scratched!  I have generally had very good experience ordering jewelry from Amazon sellers, so I ordered two of these necklace pendants, one for myself and one for my mother. Both arrived with very badly tarnished chains (about half the chain rust colored on both). In addition, the actual pendants were scratched and "used looking". <end>
 B000KNCKPU  1/3cttw Genuine Marquise Tanzanite and Diamond Accent 10K White Gold Ring Size 7 ||	  Beautiful ring  Bought this ring a few years ago from Walmart. i love it. Its delicate looking and very feminine. <end>
 B000KP9UHY  14k Oval Mystic Fire Topaz Post Earrings ||	  mystic topaz earrings  The earrings were of good quality and very nice in that the stones were brilliant and not cloudy and they were set in delicate 14k gold. The size of the oval stones, however, was most disappointing in that I expected them to be much bigger. I did know the size in mm, and thought it would be ok, but they turned out to be less than a pencil eraser in oval!! Still, the receiver does like them as it is fortunate she is small and dainty and the size is all right with her. I don't think it was the best value as I have seen other mystic topaz earrings that looked comparable and cost considerably less. <end>
 B000KPIN3G  Rembrandt Charms 7-8" Charm Bracelet ||	  Lovely bracelet for a young girl  I purchased this charm bracelet in silver for my 10 1/2 year old daughter and it is very pretty. Delicate enough for a young girl. Precious Accents was also a pleasure to deal with. <end>
 B000KPIND6  Rembrandt Charms 7-8" Charm Bracelet ||	  Very pretty, great for a delicate wrist  I got the gold plated version of this and like it VERY much. I especially like the alternating larger (about 8mm x 6mm) and figure-8 shaped smaller (about 6mm x 2mm) links which provide nice spacing for the charms. The lobster clasp is surprising easy for me to attach. I had planned to replace it with a magnetic clasp but may decide not to as it is no problem to put on.If you have thinner wrists and don't want something that looks too "chunky", this may be the charm bracelet for you. As my wrists are quite thin, I may have a couple of links removed but will wear it as is for a while and see how it feels. It feels light and does not annoy me while I use a computer all day at work.The gold plating looks great and is a wonderful choice for very little money. I plan to collect gold plated charms that represent my interests for an attractive conversation piece. This is a great gift for someone as you can purchase charms for special occasions as time goes by and hobbies and experiences evolve. Very easy, yet thoughtful and personalized, gift selection. <end>  Beautiful & Unique Charm Bracelet!  I originally ordered the gold plated version of this bracelet, but I liked it so much that I decided I would return it and order the 10K version. When my 10K bracelet arrived, it was defective. I notified Precious Accents, and they then notified Rembrandt Charms, the manufacturer. Judy at Precious Accents communicated my issues with the defective bracelet to Rembrandt and they had one of their jewelers inspect the replacement 10K bracelet prior to shipping it directly to me from their factory. All I can say is I experienced wonderful customer service and I now have a beautiful and very unique 10K charm bracelet that I will enjoy for many years to come! <end>
 B000KPN2JQ  Sterling Silver 1.5mm Round Omega Necklace 17" ||	  Nice chain  I was pleased when I received this item. I ordered it as a Mother's Day gift for my mother-in-law. It came nicely packaged and is solidly made. It's not a flexible type of chain so you have to be careful not to bend it. It's very shiny and is a great chain to put a pendant on, which is why I ordered it. <end>
 B000KPPFLY  Sterling Silver Hoop Earrings W /Dotted Design ||	  I Am Wearing Them As I Write This!  These earrings are so beautiful. I was hoping for something substanial, but not to heavy and these are perfect. They are great for dressing up or down and they do make a statement. They do not sit heavy on your ears, but they look meaty. Thank you and I will be ordering from you again. <end>
 B000KPPFQE  Sterling Silver Fluted Hoop Earrings ||	  Wasn't a good choice!  The earrings in person looked very cheap and once I received them, I felt I paid too much for the lack of quality of the earrings, although they looked nice on the internet. <end>
 B000KPSIG8  Personalized Egyptian Sterling Silver with Gold Cartouche - Solid Style ||	  Sterling silver cartouche jewelry  This is amazing. Love it. Exactly as described......probably better. Customer service, via email for word to be inscribed was prompt & efficient. I couldn't believe how quickly this came from Egypt. I bought the matching pendant chain, and it was a wonderful decision for both. <end>
 B000KPTK4W  Large Sterling Silver Italian Horn Pendant ||	  Gorgeous  I purchased this Italian Horn for my boyfriend for Xmas. The chain is rinky dinky... But the pendent is GORGEOUS! Perfect for a man. I ended up finding a great deal on a more &#34;manly&#34; chain. He said it was his most favorite Xmas gift ever! <end>  Just beautiful!  This necklace is really beautiful. I was very pleased when the package arrived. I bought it as a gift for my 20 yr. old daughter and she was very happy when she received it. She had picked it out and put it on her wish list. Now she wears it all the time. <end>
 B000KPVIYW  Sterling Silver Breast Cancer Awareness Ribbon Pendant ||	  Overpriced, tiny, and not very pink  We bought this item as a Christmas gift for my mother-in-law, who recently underwent breast cancer treatment (and has now been given a clean bill of health). We were disappointed in the pendant's small size and general lack of bling. The chain is also quite delicate (translation  thin and cheap). We needed something delivered by the holiday and this was the only one we found available. Receipt was quick, but the item was overpriced in our opinion. It's probably worth half the cost at most. (Yes, I appreciate that part of the proceeds are donated to breast cancer charity.) It's not very pink in color. <end>
 B000KPXXWM  Sterling Silver Green Jade Horn Necklace ||	  Sleek and elegant  I really like this necklace. I have some friends that are really into stone jewelry compliment me on this item. I was looking for a piece of jade that wasn't outrageously carved, but was also small enough that I could wear casually (this one is about 2").The horn has just enough curve to it's visually obvious, but doesn't irritate the skin.I really like the base as it is not only functional, but gives just enough flavor so it's modest, but more than just a 'pretty rock on a string'.The chain is also sturdier than I expected, which goes quite well with the pendant. <end>  beautiful and stylish!  It was very nice design and very creative shape, although the color of the jade was lighter than the picture. It was very beautiful and stylish! <end>
 B000KRKFYO  Sterling Silver Necklace / Bracelet with Star Pendant ||	  star necklace  The chain is great and its 17in, much better for some of us than a 16 in. the star is quite small, I would have liked a bigger one. It came in a nice gift box which surprised me. I would reccomend it to anyone with teenagers as a gift for them. <end>
 B000KRO8X8  Coin Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Awesome earrings!  I love these earrings just as much as my wife. I bought her these to match a colored fresh water pearl necklace and bracelet I bought her from Blue Nile. Blue Nile didn't have any matching earrings and, after searching all over the web for something similar to the necklace, I found these. They aren't a perfect match to the pearl necklace and bracelet, but close, and the distance between the earrings and the necklace is far enough and close enough in color that they look like they were both made by the same person. The artist who makes these is in Rhode Island, and I went to her website and poked around after buying them. I love her work, very creative, beautiful stuff. I highly recommend these earrings and this artist, who had them in my hand two days after I ordered them!  -) <end>
 B000KUFJNI  14k White Gold, Round, Diamond Stud Earrings (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Cheap,Cloudy Stones  I was so disappointed with these earrings, I returned them. The diamonds were so cloudy they looked white. Cheap product. Don't bother! <end>  Probably worth the money, but worse than I hoped  The set I got were definitely I3 or worse. The color was white enough, but there isn't much fire because the stones are translucent. But, what can you expect for $100 diamonds? <end>  1/2 carat diamond studs  I have CZ's that are of better quality than these earrings. The seller should be full of shame for selling these earrings. I am ashamed of myself for buying them. <end>  Good bang for the buck!  I read the reviews on this diamond just before Christmas when it was on sale for $99.00. The diamonds are better then expected and I consider them to be a fine purchase for 99 bucks. No visible flaws. I am sure if I used a loop I could find some but no visible yellow on these and the clarity is fair. Their great for $99.00 diamonds. <end>  White Diamond Studs  I know these earrings have gotten lots of bad reviews but I decided to try them out myself. I got them to replace one stud that I lost down the drain. I got the other earrings from Sears at a much higher price. When I got the replacement earrings I was very surprised and pleased! They looked much better than the Sears studs!!! Instead of replaceing the one lost stud I now wear the new pair!! They are much clearer, much brighter! And a much better price!! I love them! <end>  not as expected  I can see why they are priced so low, I figured that they would look like the photo, or something like it but the ones I received are very cloudy. I guess you get what you are paying for. As for the K clarity, I have no idea what that is so I never thought they would look this bad. <end>  No brilliance  The set I received were very dull with no brilliance. They actually looked like they had been worn for years and never cleaned. I was very embarrassed to present these as a gift. I should have opened them before hand but did not. I would not recommend these to anyone. These stones should have been used for industrial purposes. <end>  A pretty good steal  I rated these earrings a three because while they aren't the clearest and have a little color to them, they are 14k And a pretty decent size for the price. <end>  They don't even look real  We thought there was some kind of mistake when we opened the box- they're so cloudly/lacking in clarity that they don't even look like diamonds. Put the $99 you would have spent towards a good pair- I wish I had. <end>  Not so good  Although the clarity rating indicated that these would not be perfect, and of course the price indicated this as well, I was not prepared for the HUGE black specks in each of the diamonds. It resembled coarse cracked pepper, and was very visible even in small stones such as these. While the price was good for the size, I should have been more realistic in what to expect. I sent them back. I must say that Amazon was very easy to work with in regards to the return, and I was refunded my full purchase price very quickly. This experience in no way deterred me from making future purchases, and I continue to rave about Amazon's prices and delivery services. <end>  not bad for the price  These earrings are not bad at all for the price. the quality of the earrings is spelled out for you if you know anything about diamonds. there is a black speck in one of the earrings but it was next to the prong, there is no yellow tint, but there is a sligt fog to them but none of it is that noticeable if they are in your ears. I wear mine all of the time. <end>  Diamond Stud Earrings  I think the value for the money spent is awesome. I was reluctant to order but when I received them I was impressed. I would encourage others to buy this product - you can't go wrong!! <end>  Surprisingly nice  I was very pleased with these earrings for the price. I had 1ct tw diamond studs that my husband bought for me several years ago and I lost one! I know he paid a lot more for those earrings than he paid for these, but at least I now have two diamond studs again. <end>  BAD DIAMONDS  I BOUGHT THESE DIAMONDS FOR MY MOTHER IN LAW BUT I HAD TO RETURN THEM RIGHT AWAY BECAUSE WHEN I RECIEVED THEM YOU COULD TOTALLY TELL THEY WERE NOT ENY GOOD THEY HAD BLACK SPECKS AND THE CLARITY WAS NOT VERY GOOD <end>  What do you expect for $100?  Carbon spotting, lack luster and shine, what do you expect for $100? The carbon spot was so large you can see it with the naked eye. If you have a girl that's impressed by the size of the diamond more then the quality, then go for it, otherwise, stay away... <end>  Bad Diamonds  Worst diamonds I have ever seen in my life. Milky, with no shine or sparkle whatsoever. <end>  Diamonds are perfect  They were a gift for my Wife.. perfect! they are absolutely perfect. She loved them and they arrived on time <end>  Don't waste your hard earned money!!  Unfortunately these earrings are trash! Shame I've bought diamonds from Amazon before and they've been nice quality. I have returned both pairs I purchased as gifts. Diamonds were clouldy and the cut was ragged and not any of them matched to make one good pair. Very dissappointed. I had to give them one star for Rate This Item cuz it wouldn't let me put no stars! <end>  Get what you pay for>  These were a lot tinier than I thought they would be. Also, they were so cloudy I had to return them. I've never seen diamonds that looked that bad. <end>  MaryinNovi  These earrings do not sparkle. They seem to be good quality, but they do not make a good presentation at all. The box is not fancy, the little velvet drawstring bag that came with them had a hole in bottom, and the color/clarity is horrible. I would not recommmend them. <end>  Don't even look like diamonds  I just recieved these earrings today. When I oened the package i saw two foggy stones with lots of black spots. Most costume jewelry looks 10x's better that this. Do not buy if you're looking for earrings that resemble diamonds. You get what u pay for...... <end>  Can't complain.. if you want quality... you should probably spend at least $300 for .5 ct  Okay,So I got these earrings for my fiance' as a stocking stuffer. If your loved one really wants diamond earrings... depending on how serious you are... you might want to check out a more expensive pair. Overall the setting isn't great, but by far the biggest detractor is the clarity. I bought her a $4k engagement stone, so these are going to look like quartz by comparison. The clarity as mentioned is I2-3... they're cloudy, but to Amazon's credit, have very little color, so cloudy white is better than cloudy yellow. I don't see any noticeable carbon spots. If you're looking for earrings for your child... these are a good option. You won't find .5ct for less anywhere! If you do buy these earrings, do yourself a favor and also clean them with some jewelry cleaner before you give them to someone, or before you wear them. It adds a fair amount of sparkle. They are what they are .5ct for $79. Set your expectations low. <end>  jewelry  I am very pleased with the delivery and appearance of my product. I was impressed by the price and quality. <end>  These stones were acceptable with no complaints.  Very good price for diamonds that so many people wrote a bad review about. The earrings we received were very nice with no noticeable flaws. <end>  Great Value, Great Price  I purchased these earrings not knowing what to expect. I get comments all time when I wear them. The price was excellent! These are beautiful earrings. Anyone would be happy with this purchase <end>  diamond earrings  my earrings arrived today. I think that mine were well worth the 99 dollars. I just love them <end>  14Kwhitegold, round, diamond stud earrings  The price was great. However, the clarity of the diamond was a little foggy - not clear - more yellow in color. <end>  14k white gold diamond earrings, 1/2 cttw  These earrings are exactly what I expected by the description. Beautiful, clear, good size and well spent $ for these earrings.These are not cheap looking earrings. Great for a young person or for a second set of earrings in your ear. But, they are rather small for a single earring set.I have no regrets & would buy again. <end>  Decent enough  I'm going to start by saying that these are, obviously, not 4 star diamonds. However... I purchased these, for myself, after washing my other earring down the drain... for under $100 (I would never gift someone diamonds that cost under a hundred dollars). As a guy, I'm only currently wearing one of the two earrings. I may have lucked out as the only visible inclusions are on the outer edge of the diamond, along the bottom. The color is nice and clear and the cut catches the light nicely. Even my G/F was impressed, especially at the price.Moral of the story is, if you're looking for cheap replacement diamonds, as with everything Amazon has a GREAT return policy. If you're unhappy with these, simply send them back. I took a chance and am quite glad I did.One thing of note, I personally find the length of the prong setting a little long (there's almost enough room for a second diamond under the first). At maybe 3/4 length they would've been perfect. <end>  I Love Them!  I just received my earrings and I Love Them!!! They are quality for the price I paid and I also had them checked at a respected jeweler. I'm satisfied with my purchase and will buy again. <end>  1/2 cttw Diamond Stud Earring  I was sorely disappointed with this product. The earrings were extremely cloudy and lacked the presentation that I expected. <end>   (  Delivery expectation were good.. on time, no problems, and return was easy also. However, the product in itself was not of good quality. <end>  Just Received  It was given to the gift recipient today, as a christmas gift. I trust there will be no issues. I received ample good response when the earings were opened. <end>  Pleasantly surprised  After careful consideration and review of all the comments left on this item I decided to go ahead and place an order. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of earrings I was sent. This is a Valentine's gift for my wife and I am happy to say she enjoyed them.... <end>  Diamonds are a sham.....they are basically black and clouded!!  These diamonds are a great gift until your wife/girlfriend/lover opens the box to find diamonds that look more like old ice than diamonds. They are black in nature and cloudy at best. But, like the above said, they go on your ears, so who realy cares?Don't buy them is my advice!! <end>  Depends on its purpose  Received mine today hoping for perfection in the midst of bad reviews. The diamonds are not off color, decent shine, but one has a moderately large carbon inclusion and another small one and the other diamond has a small inclusion as well like many other posters describe. My gf is not a picky one and these are just to wear as "knockarounds" so there is no worry about her losing them. For $99 what more can you expect from diamonds of this size? This does not poorly reflect amazons jewelry collection as they are very clear about the clarity I2-3. DO YOUR RESEARCH before you buy and you will not be dissapointed or suprised. <end>  I must be lucky!  ...because I got a pair that is to my unprofessional eye, flawless , clear, brilliant! FOr $49 what do you want anyway? Guess I was just one of the lucky ones cuz I'm happy with mine ;-) <end>  Great Gift  My girlfriend loved this gift, I would recommend it for anyone who wants inexpensive diamond jewelry. <end>  This is not a good buy. Treated diamonds, bottom of the barrel diamond clarity rating.  CZ's look much better than these unsightly stones. I looked at the reviews and did some homework on the diamonds. It turns out that I2-I3 are bottom of the barrell compared to flawless. Add to the fact that the disclosure of treatments,(laser drilling,coatings,baking,radiation, or doublets) and you can very well get a pair that looks even worse as you clean them in your sonic cleaner. I would not advise anyone who knows what to look for in a diamond these earings, or any other that has a warning statement of being treated to enhance clarity. Buyer beware. Buy the book, "How to buy a diamond" by Fred Crueller and never get ripped off by online sellers. <end>  very small  Even with 80% discount still shop around you can find better deal online just take your time. <end>  Hit or miss with low-priced diamonds  With this inexpensive grade of diamonds, visible flaws can be very likely, as can off-colors. Combine that with cloudiness rather than the clearly refracting internal facets of a good diamond, and the stones are dull and lifeless.Unfortunately, the slightly larger size of 1/2cttw makes these flaws more apparent. The result is hit-or-miss depending on your particular stones. Mine was more miss than hit, so I returned them rather than giving the flawed earrings to my wife. I also got a pair of the 1/3 cttw diamonds (very similar and cheaper) 14k White Gold, Round, Diamond Stud Earrings (1/3 cttw, K-L Color, I3 Clarity). That pair worked very well and was bright and clear, as shown by shining a flashlight into the stones.Amazon's lenient return policy applies equally to jewelry, of course.For me at least, these 1/2 cttw earrings didn't work. Not recommended. <end>  Not a good diamond at any price  unbelievably cloudy and yellow. Not worth it at any price. Better off buying quality cubic zirconia in 14K gold setting. Save your money. <end>  Black flecks inside diamond!  I ordered these as a gift. There were black flecks inside the diamond. Very visible without aid. At first I thought it was a mark. I would be embarassed to give anyone this so I returned it. I would rate it ZERO stars but there is no option for that. <end>  Dont Buy  The quality of the stones is horrendous, there are significant inclusions which are visible with naked eye from as far away as 3 feet. These diamons should have been turned into diamond dust, not set into jewelery. <end>  Good Value  I would recommend these earrings to anyone. Yes, they are I3 clarity, which means that there are visible flaws. However, these diamonds go on your ear, not your hand, and for that reason I think that they make an excellent value for diamond earrings. The diamonds are sufficiently colorless, and I would definitely buy them again for myself or for a gift (although perhaps not for someone who is very picky about diamonds). <end>  Don't buy whatever the price!  I bought these for my young daughter. I understood the basics of diamond ratings and wasn't concerned with the inclusions they may have contained. I expected low quality stones with some particles visable to the naked eye. What i didn't expect was the cloudiness. Although these weren't yellow in color they were the absolute worst pair of diamonds i had ever seen. There was no clarity just two milky looking stones. These diamonds should have been grinded and used for diamond dust or chips only! <end>  Photographs should be more accurate...  Cameron Berg's review below does not take into account the effect of misleading photographs on the Amazon site. If these diamond studs are color J-K as specified, and "off-color" as he himself states, then why does the photograph only show a flawless white diamond? Why do all the photos of diamonds here (see the links above) also show white (not off-color) diamonds when the grade for color is less than white? If there are "visible impurities" they don't reveal them or even suggest them in the photographs? Why not put a comparison photo with a ruler, or coin for accurate size comparison? My friend bought this these studs and they were truly OFF-color  a true YELLOW, not white. Why shouldn't the photos reveal the truth so buyers aren't improperly influenced by Amazon? Not all shoppers are diamond experts. ALSO Cameron Berg did not buy these exact earrings--his comments are on other purchases. <end>  Do not buy  These earrings were terrible. There was no sparkle at all and flaws were clearly visible. Chipped glass would have been better. <end>  Not fit for jewelry  These diamonds shouldn't be offered in this size for jewelry. The imperfections in them seriously hinder the sparkling characteristics a diamond is known for. Great price - but you get what you pay for. <end>  I would give these 0 stars if I could  These were the worst pair of earings I have ever seen. They were yellow from a mile away. Amazon was very accomodating when I returned them, but save yourself the hassle the price is too good to be true with these earings. <end>  Listen to the reviews!!!  I thought by reading some of the reviews I would be lucky and get a good pair, lol think again, when they arrived one was in the pouch the other was loose in the box. They are cloudy, yellow, and one has a black spec on it as big around as the diamond itself. DO NOT BUY, i dont care if they are a dollar a pair, I will not EVER purchase damonds from here again!!!! <end>  They just sparkle!  I purchased these earrings hoping they would look good. I was surprised how good the quality of these diamonds are. I expected them to be cloudy. They were a good buy. I did not see any flaws with the naked eye. I would recommend purchasing these earrings. <end>  Cute, for the price  Cute earrings for the price, I like them as a casual daily earring. The backs fall off pretty easily though. Honestly, when it comes to diamonds, you're getting what you pay for. I'd buy them again. <end>  Confirm Metal Composition of Earring Backs Before Buying  I always purchase 14K gold because my skin reacts to 10K gold or any other metals.I bought these earrings several months ago and was puzzled that I always seemed to get a rash on the back of my ears. The rash would clear when I stopped wearing them for a week so I began to be very diligent about regular cleaning, but it did not make a difference.I have finally concluded that although the posts are 14K gold, the backs are some other metal which is causing my skin to erupt. Now, I am looking for a reputable jewellery store that will sell me 14k gold earring backs alone.The earrings were delivered to Canada to day following my order and I could not have asked for better service on the delivery. They are beautiful and I love how they look - unfortunately, I can only wear them for several hours at a time. <end>  pretty good  I really like this pair of diamond earrings. The price was good. The color and the size was pretty good. This was my first time purchasing jewelry from Amazon and I was very impressed with the quality. The earring backs were a little small so I replaced them with better snap on backs that I obtained from my private jeweler. You cannot beat the price. <end>  Not very sparkly, but they're inexpensive  These diamonds are cheap by both meanings of the word. They are pretty big, for the price, but don't expect anyone to be impressed by them. Either save your money or get smaller diamonds of higher quality. They are a light grayish color and full of very visible imperfections. <end>  Very Nice  I was a little concerned after reading the reviews of this product but took a chance. I must have gotten very lucky- the product is wonderful! I can't wait to see the reaction of the person who receives it on Christmas morning. <end>  okay quality, kinda cloudy.  I bought these for $99 a while back. i love them, although they are a little cloudy, and one is cloudier than the other (noticeably cloudier). but for the price i got them at, i cant really complain. i would not suggest buying them for any more than $150, simply because they are not worth it. and the diamonds are really not too great for the full price they are asking. I do wear these earrings a lot, and they are very durable, and they are a good size at 1/2 ct. <end>  Good buy  Though i got the late deleivery but it was all worth it.. my niece loved it.. <end>  Earing Post is Bent  I am happy with the earrings, but one of the posts is bent slightly. I was rather disappointed. <end>  diamonds are a girls best friend  when i orderd these earrings i couldnt wait to recieve them and when i did recieve the earrings i was not disappointed to say the least. the shine and sparkle on them is beautiful. i havent took them off. i will be purchasing from amazon. <end>  greaat earings for the price  I had been wanting diamond earings that looked good, but if I lost one at the gym, it wouldn't be devastating. I had looked at local department stores, but the price was never below 250.00 so I ordered these and then looked at the reviews....so I wasn't expecting a whole lot, but I was pleasantly surprised at how nice they are. I am going to order a pair in yellow gold as well. Great value! <end>  Lovely for the price diamond earrings  I bought these earrings as a Christmas gift for my sister. These earrings had two reviews, one positive and one very negative. I was hesitant to make this purchase, but thought I could always return them if I didn't like them. I was thrilled when I saw them. They had a lot of sparkle. When I gave them to my sister, she was thrilled with them. The very negative review must have been from a jeweler with a loop. I felt the same way about these earrings as the person with the positive review did. If your budget is limited, take a chance. <end>  Nice Casual Pair of Earrings  Considering the price and the clarity, these diamonds were exactly what I expected. Although they are cloudy, I didn't find any black spots in mine as stated in some reviews. I wanted studs that I could wear daily and if I lost them, it would not affect me much. I had a pair of studs with flawless diamonds and I lost one -- which was devastating. I was hoping to purchase a casual pair and that's exactly what I got. You get what you pay for, I have no complaints. <end>  You get what you pay for.....  Since these stones were only $100 I figured they would not be of great quality, which they were not. But, I purchased them for my (now) 6 year old daughter to teach her how to keep earrings so they are well worth the price I paid. If these were a purchase for myself, and not something I expect to be lost I would be highly disappointed. So, if you're looking for a pair of real diamonds, but not superior quality for a short time then there are your studs, if you're looking for something of better quality I suggest you upgrade to another pair of better quality that amazon has. <end>  Its small but cute  the earrings are small but cute - i bought two for my daughters, the clarity isn't the greatest but its still not bad. I thought i would get a certificate of authenticity but i didn't. <end>  not bad for price  i was not disappointed and i wasn't impressed with this item. i won't return it, but i won't wear the earrings alone. they will remain in my second hole. these earrings are perfect for that. and if i get tired of them, i will give them to my 10 year old niece. <end>  Earrings  The product was not as nice as the picture looks, but I guess you get what you paid for. <end>  You get what you pay for  The earrings came sooner than expected, which was great. The quality, however, was less than what I expected. When I showed them to my sister in the package she asked if they were champagne colored! But when I put them on they looked ok. You get what you pay for so I'm happy. I'll upgrade them later... <end>  deeply saddened  How sad it was for me to have to call my son, just back from Iraq, and tell him that the special Valentine's gift he sent to me was not worth his hard-earned money.He wasn't thinking of reviews and clarity. He wanted to get me something special and saw the picture of some nice looking diamond earrings. The picture actually sparkles more than these stones do!!!Definitely not worth it.Addition to previous review I've had a couple of negative responses towards ME on my review of these earrings. I was told how awful I was to be honest enough to tell my son that they needed to be returned. That I should have just stuck them in a drawer and said "thank you". That I should have worn them only while he was around and pretended to like them. I couldn't do that. I just want you all to know that I ALSO told my son how much I appreciated his thoughtfulness and how much I love him for thinking of me. I was in tears and having a hard time telling him....but I didn't want him to get ripped off. It tore me apart to tell him. He does, however, appreciate the fact that I didn't let him waste $100. I showed him a piece of quartz that resembled the earrings quality and he says that he would have been very upset had he seen the earrings in person. He's glad they were returned.Some of you have been lucky enough to receive some that look a little like a good diamond. I'm glad for you. You are the lucky ones. But if I want a milky, crackly stone in my earrings I'll go to the nearby quartz mine's gift shop and buy some there for $10. <end>  WOW!  What a bargain! These earrings are an exceptional price and they are just beautiful. I am so glad I took advantage of this deal. They are well worth the money. <end>  save your $  Please save your $. The price sounds too good to be true and it is. The diamonds (if you can call them that) are milk white in color and you can see tons of dark flecks in the stones.I was very unhappy with this purchase and sent these back for a refund. I would be embarrased to give these as a gift. <end>  Horrible  Most items I purchase on Amazon, I have been very pleased with. Please save your time and money and pass these by, backings were loose and you would probably loose one moments after putting on, very poor clarity. All in all what could you expect for just $99.00. <end>  It comes with really bad qualily!!!  I've just received it today, but I'm very disappointed, one of the earring looks worse than a fake diamond, the color seems like "grey", the other one comes with an "O.K" color... But with this price, I think it can not be better! <end>  Inferior product  These earrings were shipped in a cheap box and the product itself looks like a cheap imitation. I have never seen such a low quality item. I am deeply disappointed at Amazon for distributing products of this nature. Amazon should only sell books and DVD. No more jewelry purchase from this company. <end>  NOT impressed  The earrings were well made but totally lacked any sparkle. The diamonds looked more like pieces of dark glass and my wife has not even worn them. It may have been on sale but still was not worth the $100 I paid for it. The way it was rated  J-K Color and 12 -13 Clarity does not mean anything to me (and I am sure not to most anyone). If I had been able to see a picture of different clarities and color so I could have compared them I would not have bought them. The picture that WAS available is totally misleading. Don't waste your money. (The reason I have not returned them is because I am very busy right now and to find something to pack it in, go to the post-office, stand in line, insure it etc just was too much and I was so angry I never wanted anything to do with the stupid things anyway) <end>  Pictures of all the daimonds  If you're asking Amazon to post pictures of each individual set of earrings, I think you are off your rocker. The description clearly states the color and clarity. I was going to buy these, but the color K is not in my scope of acceptance. I didn't have to order them to know they are yellow. <end>  After reading reviews  Was going to purchase earrings - thank goodness for reviews - certainly am not going to order now. Thanks everyone <end>  POOR  VERY DISAPPOINTED!!! CLOUDY AND CHEAP LOOKING STONE. LOOKS USED AND ABUSED. NOT BYING FROM AMAZON EVER AGAIN UNLESS FOR THEIR SPECIALTY  BOOKS.DO NOT WAISTE YOUR MONEY AND TIME - I NEVER MAKE PURCHASES ONLINE, THIS WAS MY FIRST AND LAST. SEE IT BEFORE YOU BUY IT - <end>  Please, read the product description! Amazon jewelry is an exceptional value.  Both of the previous reviewers have complained about the color/clarity of the diamonds. They are rated, at least, K - I3. Yes, these ratings signify an off-color stone with visible inclusions. That's why you can purchase 1ct for this price!I have purchased several pieces of jewelry from Amazon in the past. They have always been SUPERIOR to the product description parameters, and the craftsmanship is outstanding. <end>
 B000KURRAQ  EXP Hand-carved Teak Wood Jewelry / Gift Box With Mounted Purple Rose (Thailand) ||	  Beautiful Jewelry Box  I purchased about five of these jewelry boxes to give to my bridesmaids before my wedding. They're absolutely beautiful! Each one is hand carved and unique...perfect for what I was looking for. They also shipped very fast. Five stars!!! <end>
 B000KVH1OC  Oblong Flat Oval Shiny Bullet Style Backs Silver-Tone Cufflinks ||	  Cute  Very good looking cuff links will let you wear that dress shirt without mayor hassles and without spending a lot of money, still making you look very sharp! <end>
 B000KVIH8G  Round Greek Key Geometric Circle Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  My wife loves these...  I recieved my order promptly, and my wife loves these. She wears them all the time. <end>
 B000KVJMSA  Greek Key Geometric Rectangle Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Greek key geometric earrings  Very nicely styled, they're beautiful. A little heavier than I expected, but still aesthetically pleasing. <end>  Just what I was looking for..  Giving these to my Greek wife who has never been to Greece , I'm sure she&#34;ll love them, we'll see <end>  Very Nice!  These earrings are very cute. They are long enough to be noticed, but not too big. They are simple enough to be worn with anything from dressy to casual. The seller is excellent and they shipped super fast. <end>
 B000KW4JKK  14K Yellow Gold 0.15 ct. Diamond Palm Tree Pendant with Chain ||	  Nice Pendant  The pendant is nice but the chain isn't very durable. I will wear the pendant with another chain to decrease the chance of breakage and loss. <end>  Pendant Review  Although smaller than I expected, still good quality. Definitely a keeper, but will move up to a larger look before long. <end>  She loved it!  I purchased this for my daughter's 45th birthday, and she loved it, and wouldn't take it off. <end>
 B000KX88WO  Amazon.com  .925 Sterling Silver Flute Dangle Earrings  Clothing ||	  Adorable Earrings!  My 10 year old daughter is a flutist and she adored these earrings.....she can only wear real jewelry or she has a bad reaction. So I was very happy when I found these! <end>  Very Nice Quality Earrings  We purchased these earrings as a gift and were really happy with the quality. We also liked the size--not too big and not too small. <end>
 B000KXGLI2  Sterling Silver Blown Glass Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Colorful Earrings  I purchased a lot of different earrings on this shopping trip and these were my least favorite when I received my order. They do have a lot of colors in them so they match almost anything in your closet. <end>
 B000KXZQRE  Sterling Silver Marquise Cut Citrine Gemstone Ring Size 9 ||	  Sterling Silver Citrine Ring  I was pleasantly surprised by the the nice quality. It wasn't terribly expensive,so I wasn't sure what to expect. It came in a timely manner also. I am pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000KYFL5K  14K Nose Stud ES-1977 ||	  Great Jewerly  I thought the service was wonderful and informative. Delivery was fast and the article was exactly what I needed for a gift. I would definately shop there for jewelery again. <end>
 B000KYR8VK  Sterling Silver Medium Double Hoop Earrings ||	  Good value for its price.  Expected a little more on the packaging or presentation, they look just Ok to me, gf liked them for like a day to day basis usage. <end>
 B000L4GV4O  Camera Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  So cute!  Bought these as a gift for someone special... He like them, so I was happy! Good for the price! Thanks! <end>  great deal!  great material. great design. great product. good price. it delivered on time. I bought this for my boyfriend's Christmas gifts. <end>  Very nice!  They're great, but as they showed to be packed in a box and a gift bag, I didn't asked for gift wrap, too bad they came only in the box (no bag anywhere) so I had to wrap it differently, but that's really a small thing. <end>
 B000L4VCKC  Solid 14k Yellow 4mm Childrens Ball Screw-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  best earrings for baby!  My daughter lives to play with her earrings, so we've lost a few along the way. These ones will stay put! Definitely a great buy! <end>  Muy buen regalo  Como siempre escribo en Castellano para mis amigos de habla hispana.Recomiendo estos zarcillos para una bebe, el tama&ntilde;o es el mismo que el de la foto, ella tiene 6 meses y se les ven excelentes.Ademas como tienen seguro de tornillo por detras evitas que ella los pierda, ademas a mi hija le encantaron, creo que son muy comodos. <end>  as described  I finally got tired of my daughter losing earrings. So I bought this specifically because it has a screwback. I check it every once in a while to make sure it hasn't gotten loose. So far, so good.Purpose of the purchase was to have something relatively inexpensive that would keep the piercings open until she's old enough to stop losing her earrings. This fit the bill. <end>  Piece of junk!  I had high hope about this product, especially after reading good reviews. I have similar earring from high end store in white gold and they don't have in yellow gold, so I bought this one from Amazon. The earrings looks really cheaply made. It looks more like ball head pins for sewing and it's really sharp but I think, what a heck, it has safety back, so I put it on and I wear it for the night. Guess what? The next day my ears are in pain. I guess because it's so sharp in the screw area, it cut my earlobe! It take 3 days to heal my earlobe. Right away I took it out and returned it! I can't believe it! Good thing it's me, not my baby! <end>  Good quality  These earrings were exactly what I wanted. They do not bother me when I sleep and they are not coming undone. <end>  Best earing for little girl!  It is decent size for little ones. My daughter is 14 months and it looks very nice and great quality,too. <end>  Did what I wanted  This item was brilliant. I got sick of my daughter losing her school standard studs. These have not come off since it put them in 3 weeks ago. I would definitely recommend to any mum who is having the same problem as me. <end>  Great earrings for baby!  The 4mm balls are a perfect size. My daughter has been wearing these since she was 6 months old. The screw backs are essential. Purchased these for a friend because I loved them so much. <end>  Great Studs 14k YG 4mm w/Screw Back  Great Studs...and the safety back actually works. I purchased the studs for a 1 1/2 year toddler, and originally I was not sure if they were going to be too big...they were not. The size is perfect. On the other hand, I'm not quite sure about the pricing; however, it is very difficult to find the studs with the screw backs for the little ones, so I purchased regardless.Solid 14k Yellow 4mm Childrens Ball Screw-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb <end>  Jewelry Web Offers Best Service  Item ordered and received as ordered from Jewelry Web. A small ship mistake turned in a beleiver of the service and quality from Jewelry Web. You can trust Jewelry Webto make your item correct as ordered, more importantly you happy. 14K Gold with Ball-Screw-Earrings are great for young girls 6 years and under. <end>  As per expectation  This Product was as per expectation. Simple in Design. In fact, we have ordered it for a birthday present for a kid and definitely she is going to like it. <end>  Product is good for the price  I purchased these stud earrings because I had been shopping a pair of affordable screwbacks for daily wear. Just received it yesterday and started wearing them immediately. The 4mm studs are proportionally just the right hint of accessorizing I wanted. And they feel great, the grooves on the screw and backing feel sturdy in my grasp and do not loosen in my ear piercing. Satisfaction guaranteed! (there's not gonna be an "or" at the end of this statement) <end>
 B000L4VCZM  Solid 14k Yellow 6mm Ball Screw-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  very handsome & secure earrings  I bought these for the screw-on backs because the regular backs sometimes came undone during sleep. These are very handsome and never come undone. I actually like them better than the 7 mm earrings I bought earlier.UPDATE These gold round balls are hollow & the screw-on backs so tiny that it's difficult to screw them on to the earring posts. I ordered these to replace a 7mm pair whose screw-on back came off after a relatively short time. I ordered these as a replacement, but couldn't put on myself [my very arthritic hands are deformed and insensitive]. For awhile my husband would put them on for me, but then said it was too difficult, so I had to stop wearing them. They are so light-weight that it would take at least 22 pairs to achieve the minimum pennyweight to sell them as scrap gold. <end>
 B000L4VGFS  14k Yellow 5 mm Heart Aquamarine-Blue CZ Lever-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  heart earings  i bought these for my 9 year old daughter. they are well made, dainty and perfectly sized for her. lever backs are sturdy yet fashionable and easy to take in and out. would definitely reccommend. <end>
 B000L4VGH6  14k Yellow Red CZ Childrens Turtle Screw-Back Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  earrings  The website shows a turtle earring with a stone and I received red enamel turtle earrings. Not what I thought I was ordering. <end>
 B000L4VGSA  14k Yellow 6 mm Heart Ruby-Red CZ Drop Hinged Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Very satisfied with seller  I bought this gift for my wife and the posts did not fit her.The seller allowed us to return item and gave us a refund.Very satisfied with sell. Thank you very much <end>
 B000L4ZE42  14k Yellow 4 mm Heart Topaz-Blue CZ Screw-Back Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Save Your Money  I gave them as a x-mas present and one broke within 2 weeks. Unfortunatly they only have a 30 day exchange policy and I purchased them in early December.... <end>
 B000L4ZJQA  14k Yellow 5 mm Heart Emerald-Green CZ Drop Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  5mm Heart cz drop earrings  These earrings are beautiful. they were a big hit.. They look very glamorous and were well worth the $$. Enjoy... <end>
 B000L5142M  14k Yellow 3 mm Childrens Ball Post Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Great  o)  I am the mother of a 2 year old. I ordered these as backups incase she lost her current ones. They came in a timely manner. The product quality is great. They are exactly as described. For the price, you can't beat it ... if she loses them, I'm not devestated  o) Hope this helps. <end>
 B000L516PC  14k Yellow Childrens Lady-Bug Screw-Back Stud Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  How can these be worn?  good points  quick delivery, they were screwback (as promised), easy returnbad points  the underside of the ladybugs (the part that sits against the ear)were sharp, the earring posts were very short. Unless intended for a newborn with very thin ear lobes, I don't see how they can be worn. <end>  Extremely Cute  I gave these earrings to my 6yr. old daughter as a Birthday gift. They are the perfect size for a small child as well as extremely cute. I did however,have a good amount of trouble getting the screw backs to fit. They are small and the opening for the screwbacks did not seem to fit the posts. Once I got them to fit, they looked absolutely adorable on my daughter's ears. <end>  Stud not long enough  Stud not long enough and it bent when I tried to put in the back in, the price was ok <end>  Very nice earrings  I bought these earrings for my 2-years old daughter. They perfectly fit a young girl and very secure. The look very realistic and natural and resemble a real ladybug sitting on the girl's ear. Someone mught thing they are tiny but it is a size of the ladybug, so don't expect a butterfly size. They look very beautiful especially on sunshine. I like it very much. So does my girl. <end>
 B000L5186E  Solid 14k Yellow Red Enamel Childrens Cherry Screw-Back Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  Cute earrings, perfect for toddlers  I'm always looking for cute earrings with screw backs. These are really adorable but, a little thing, they bend easily. The good thing is, they're easy to bend back (into place)! <end>
 B000L51918  14k White 2 mm Round Black Rubber Necklace - 22 Inch - JewelryWeb ||	  You asked for a review so I'll give one  The necklace lasted a week and then the rubber broke near the clasp. I guess in life you get what you pay for, not what is advertised. <end>
 B000L51BBQ  14k Yellow 9x6 mm Briolette Light-Amethyst Crystal Earrings - JewelryWeb ||	  not real amethysts, but pretty nonetheless  I felt that these earrings should be better described as "light purple crystal earrings" without the use of the word "amethyst," as they are not made of amethyst. Otherwise, they're pretty. <end>
 B000L7A6P6  Sterling Silver Crystal and Abalone Necklace Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Fine Piece!  I thought this item was pretty when I saw it online, but was really just expecting it to be pretty so-so (I really just wanted it as a curiosity piece...I teach marine biology and thought it would be interesting for my students to see). It is absolutely gorgeous! It is a bit more delicate than pictured, and the crystals are very sparkly. The abalone has beautiful tones. I think it is a bit expensive, but I am very happy with it. <end>  Excellent Quality  I purchased as a gift for my sister, she loved it. Very nicely crafted. Worth the money. <end>
 B000L7C8OI  Sterling Silver Abalone Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Stunning!  I bought these earrings for my mother for Christmas. They are so much prettier in person than in the picture. I always remember my mother wearing "seashell" type jewelry as a child. I like them so much in fact, I think I may order a pair for myself! <end>  Eye-Catching Abalone Swarovski Crystal Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings  These earrings are very beautiful and light weight. They can be worn with dressy outfits or casual. Very happy with purchase. <end>  Gorgeous  I bought these earring for my sister for Christmas. They are a nice weight, not to light nor too heavy. The crystal looks just like the picture. I think she will be thrilled with this gift. <end>  beautiful  I absolutely love these. Not only that but I get compliments every time I wear them. Look great with just about any color. Wish I had ordered the necklace also. Ordering a couple more pairs for gifts. <end>  Beautiful  These are beautiful ear rings once I received the actual correct pair from the seller. They seem to have some shipping problems picking out the correct ear rings from their own products. But they quickly sent out the correct pair after letting them know I had not received the right item. <end>  Eye-Catching Abalone Swarovski  I bought two pairs of earrings, one for myself and one for my sister. They are gorgeous. I can wear them on all occasions. They are very stylish. I would recommend them to my friend. <end>  Unique!  These earrings are truly unique. The pattern is almost an exact match on one side of each stone and the other side slightly different, but a pleasing combination. Wonderful! <end>  Gift item  Purchased this along with matching necklace. The receipient of the gift absolutely loved both items. <end>  bought with matching necklace  The necklace and earring set were exactly what I wanted and matched what was on the detail information for product! <end>
 B000L7ZQG0  Saint Christopher Sterling Silver Reversible US Marine Corp Pendant with 20 inch steel Necklace Chain ||	  Not what I expected  Steel? Is that what it is? It's design is nice, but it's about as flimsy as you can get! We were going to give it for a present after our son graduated from boot camp. After all the hard work he did, this would have been an insult to give him. We found another one that was much sturdier. <end>
 B000L89VFQ  Technomarine Diamond TM DTMGTR ||	  Beautiful and exclusive watch  Nice, heavy and not to big watch. More like jewelry than a wristwatch, sparkling diamonds, and glowing gold. Wouldnt wear it for a swim, though. <end>
 B000L9LVEY  Hawaiian Floral Ring in 14K Yellow Gold ||	  hawaiian ring  This ring was well packaged & mailed very fast. I love the cutout flowers & the whole ring is a beautiful presentation. The one complaint is that the gold ring is very thin, I just hope it lasts. Very professional company. Again for $490.00 I expected a slightly thicker ring.Hawaiian Floral Ring in 14K Yellow Gold <end>
 B000L9NNWC  South Sea Golden Pearl Pendant with Diamond in 14K Yellow Gold (12-13mm) ||	  a little smaller than I expected  It's a very nice pearl, very round and with such a pretty color. The only thing is, I have a black pearl that I got in Bora Bora, it's 14mm and I thought this would be similar in size but is quite smaller. I like it but for the price I would have loved it to be bigger. <end>
 B000LA3YFW  Chesley Adler Sterling Silver Freshwater Pearl Earrings ||	  Classy  My wife likes simple (as in not busy--she's fine with expensive), classy jewelry, so this made a great birthday gift. Actually, her first reaction was tepid, but she perked up a lot when I pointed out that they're real pearls. I don't know enough about pearls (or fake pearls) to know whether many gift givers will need to explain that. All's well that ends well, anyway.I definitely recommend that these earrings be worn in the actual earlobe. They'd look ridiculous in the upper ear or (worse) the nose. <end>
 B000LAAQ9O  Tuxedo Cat Silver and Enamel Earings by Zarah ||	  Don't buy these earings  My 10 year old daughter bought these for her birthday she wore them 2 days the cat fell apart from the stud I almost had to bring her to the doctor to get the earing removed from her ear because the small rod was stuck in her ear. <end>  cat's meow  i was surprised at the quality of these earrings. I love them and will do Business with this company again. Barb <end>  Tuxedo Cat Earrings  I LIKE this pair of tuxedo cat earrings. They fit snug against your ears with posts that fit on other side of ear(non-hanging). I have found that hanging ones are easier to insert though. <end>  Darling!  These are so cute. I have lots of Zarah earrings because they're so colorful and fun. <end>
 B000LB8UM8  Genuine Deep Blue Chalcedony Oval Sterling Silver Gemstone Slide Pendant ||	  Great pendant!  Great item, impecable and fast delivery.I'm very happy with my purchase.The item is a lot bigger than it seems to be from the picture but also a lot nicer than I expected.Size suits very well the model.Overall, this is another great item from Silver Insanity. <end>  Very nice pendant  This pendant is very large. I could not tell from the picture how big it would be, but it's BIG!!The blue is deep but not as deep as the picture. The picture looks almost like a sapphire, but it is milky blue like chalcedony is. I put this on a black satin cord and I wear it every day. I love the open celtic knot look to the silver. It is much nicer than the picture. I am very happy with this product. <end>  Great product from Silver Insanity  I agree with the other 2 reviewers - this pendant is big and beautiful! I guess perhaps it is made of natural stone, the one that I ordered is as deep a blue as shown in the picture, with streaks of paler blue. But yes, it is much bigger than I expected it to be, and that was after reading the previous reviews.It is worth the price I paid for.Yes, another great product from Silver Insanity. <end>
 B000LB8URI  Small Running Horse Sterling Silver Dangling Hook Earrings ||	  Perfect for child  I bought these for my 8 year old niece. They were the perfect size. Beautiful detail. Anyone that needs jewelry for a younger child. These are perfect. I think for an adult these might be on the small side though. <end>  perfect for teenage daughter  I purchased these for my 14 year old daughter. She loves them! I love them because they are not too large or too dangling on her. They are lovely. <end>  running horse earrings  I have been looking for something like this for a couple of years. I found horse heads but not the whole horse. These are perfect-small enough to suit me, but big enough to be seen. <end>  Very nice  My daughter loves horses -- this was the perfect Christmas gift for her this year! She has had no issues with comfort/fit. <end>  Nice size for little ears  bought for my daughter's 6th birthday. she wanted dangling earrings. these are not too big for little ears. detail is very nice. <end>  Great quality  I got my ears re-pierced recently so a lot of earring are uncomfortable to wear. These are comfortable to wear, pretty, well-made and lightweight. Only con is they are small and a little hard to see. <end>  Cute, quality pieces!  These are adorable. I bought these as a gift for my sister, but they are sooooooo cute and nice quality that I'm considering keeping them for myself. They come in a small black velveteen gift bag. <end>  earrings  I love earings. I make a lot of my own. But I wanted something special for KY Derby Day. I love these and wear them on the first Saturday of May every year. <end>
 B000LB8V0O  Ireland Celtic Knot, Shamrock or Clover, and Enameled Irish Flag Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  Beautiful  My best friend and I love everything Irish and so I saw these and ordered them for us, they are perfect and beautiful, we love them. I have ordered from Silver Insanity before and I am very pleased with their jewelry. <end>  Irish Pride!  I bought this on a whim but really enjoy the earrings, and get compliments when I wear them. The flag is a little smaller than I thought it would have been, but big enough to not be gaudy or tacky. I really like the knotted weave accent encircling the clovers. <end>  A PERFECT GIFT  I was delighted with the quality! They are delicate, not imposing looking. My daughter-in-law will LOVE them. Thanks for the prompt delivery too! <end>
 B000LBAUOO  Heavy Sterling Silver Genuine Blue Lace Agate Gemstone 7" Toggle Bracelet ||	  beautiful, well-made bracelet...  I was suprised at how beautiful, heavy-duty, and well-made this bracelet is. The stones are absolutely beautiful too, very pleased with this purchase. It was for myself, I love wearing it. <end>
 B000LBTBYE  Sterling Silver Blue Lace Agate Necklace and Earring Set ||	  Blue Lace Agate  I have wanted this Blue Lace Agate rose pendant since I first saw it. The addition of the beautiful blue cord and fabulous earrings made it a great deal. The detail on the pendant and earrings are wonderful. Hope to wear it soon - when I'm not admiring it! The Blue Lace Agate is really given a chance to show how naturally beautiful it is. <end>  BEAUTIFUL COLOR!  I have been waiting for months for this set to come back in stock! It was worth the wait! Beautiful color, nice weight, well made. The rose is not large, but beautifully carved. The earrings are the perfect size if you like small eattings. Very nice set! Relios is a wonderful company. They package everything beautifully. Nothing has ever come to me broken. And it always ships on time or early! <end>
 B000LCMGUE  Sterling Silver Multifaceted Crystal Heart Dangle Pendant Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Looks can be deceiving ...  I am a huge fan of heart jewelry so when I found this heart pendant, I thought - I HAVE TO HAVE IT! But I was kind of disappointed when I received it. As someone mentioned on a previous comment, it has a weird, yellow tint on it that makes it look a lot less appealing than it appears on the picture. <end>
 B000LCSY7I  Sterling Silver Amazing Purple Jade Gemstone 7.5 inch Bracelet With Secure Latch Clasp ||	  excellent  l love this bracelet, everybody in my office asked me where i bougth it...I recommend it to women that want to look fresh, nice and well dressed... <end>
 B000LCZ548  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Jacksonville Jaguars ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LCZ5AW  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  New England Patriots ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LCZ5GG  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Seattle Seahawks ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD29YQ  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Oakland Raiders ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD3RT2  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Atlanta Falcons ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LD3UFI  NFL Snowman Football Earrings (Set of 2) NFL Team  Tennessee Titans ||	  Redskins snowman earrings  Purchase for myself and a relative. We are both Redskins fans and loved the earrings. <end>
 B000LDTGW4  14k White Gold or Yellow Gold Large Hoop Earring ||	  Just a simple Medium Size Hoop  I was hoping this earring was a little larger and I was disappointed with the size.I know gold prices are high but this was not worth the price! These were a small to med size hoop...I'd say more on the small size. The ad was a little deceptive. If you are looking for large hoops with some substance these are not the ones. Unfortunately I had to send these back. <end>
 B000LF4GM2  Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer Roll Pouch - Peridot Green ||	  Fabulous Pouch!  I was concerned at first due to the above review. But I really like the color which matches my bridesmaids' dress. I called the company and found out that the company has quality guarantee on its products and in case of a defective product, the repair shipping will be on the company. As I need to buy 7 of them, I explained my concern to the company. The company said it had tried every way, but was unable to find the above reviewer from its customer. Since the seller has 99% positive feedback, I took a chance and bought 7 of them for my bridesmaids back in July. And everyone is very pleased. Overall, I would recommend the pouch. <end>  Pretty yet not very functional  The color is really pretty, yet the pockets dont fit much in them and I just used it for the first time and one of the zippers has already broke. I would look elsewhere for a travel jewelry bag. <end>  Very Cute!  I ordered two of these as gifts and was very pleased with the product that showed up. The colors matched the pictures well and they are very cute. I would consider ordering more. <end>  Beautiful and Functional!  Just received the Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry organizer and I love it! I bought 8 of them total, to give to my bridesmaids as gifts. I will be putting a bracelet and earrings inside for them as well. I know they will definitely get use out of the product and will just love it.Picture is very true to the actual product. Love the green color, is a little smaller than I expected, but will be perfect for traveling. The ring holder is great and I cant wait to try it out! <end>  Almost perfect travel wrap  The Dahlia Silky Embroidered Brocade Jewelry Travel Organizer is well constructed, being constructed of very soft and silky material, and very beautifully embroidered. It has one full length unzippered compartment, one half length zippered compartment, two 1/4 length zippered compartments, and a ring "finger" which holds rings securely. All zippered compartments seem secure.This is a fine product as is, and well worth the $15-$22 each. But my wife has a couple of complaints/suggestions There is no way, as in some other jewelry travel cases, to hold fine-chained necklaces with pendants except in a zippered compartment, out of which they come tangled and knotted.Likewise for earrings w/ posts, there is no way to store them except loosely in a zippered compartment, in which they can slosh back and forth during travel, and out of which it is more time-consuming to select the specific earrings desired to be worn. My wife doesn't like her earrings grinding against one another during travel.If the manufacturer could put a small strip of thin plastic, w/10 pre-punched holes in it for earrings with posts, to hold five sets, in one of the small zippered compartments, (I made one out of cardboard) then posted earrings could be stored much more safely and securely, and specific earrings can be selected more easily.In my opinion, if Dahlia can design these additional features into their product then it will become very close to being the almost perfect jewelry travel wrap, for posted earrings, rings and necklaces w/ pendants.Hal Dekker <end>  Made an excellent gift  I got this as a Chrismas gift for a friend from her wish list, so she really picked it out. She does a lot of traveling and says that she loves it. The only thing she felt could use improvement was that the necklace pocket only worked for short chains, but that doesn't make her love it any less. If I were still a traveler (those days are behind me), I'd consider one for myself. <end>  Makes a great gift!  I'm so glad I found these jewelry rolls. I found others for sale, but these had the best color selection and will go with any wardrobe. They make great gifts! <end>
 B000LLS28K  EXP Handmade Jade & Ruby/Glass & Silver Necklace ||	  Absolutely Beautiful  This necklace is absolutely beautiful. The craftsmanship and quality of stones are outstanding. Lays beautifully from the neck to just around the collarbone. <end>
 B000LQIHNK  14K White Gold Men's Satin Diamond Band Ring ||	  i love this ring!  I bought it for my husband to wear as his wedding band. we were so excited when we opened the box for the first time, the ring is just gorgeous in person. the diamonds are really sparkly and it compliments his hand really well. its a neat ring because when he holds his hand out you can see the diamonds that wrap around the ring, its really cool. i highly recommend it! <end>
 B000LQKMH4  14K White Gold Men's Diamond Band Ring ||	  Nice and Simple style!  I have bought this ring for my husband for our 3yr. ann. and the reason I have chosen this ring was because of a nice yet simple look "not too fancy yet looks luxury enough" if I can explain. But one thing I do want to mention is that the size of the ring runs a little too big. Therefore, I recomend for you to get one or half size smaller. <end>
 B000LQKNMS  14K White Gold Fancy Design Men's Diamond Band Ring ||	  Uniquely Beautiful  I got this ring for my husband for Christmas and we both love it. It runs a little big though. The design is nice and he gets compliments on it all the time. Plus, he's not really into diamonds so the small array is perfect for someone not into all the flash. I would highly suggest it. Thank you, Netaya! <end>
 B000LRCCGC  14K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 4mm comfort-fit ||	  Just what I wanted!  This ring is just what I was hoping for. Beautiful, plain, white-gold band. It is "half round", which means that it is not as thick standing up off of your finger. It still has the rounded look, but is not so bulky...That is perfect for my smaller hands.Overall, it is a beautiful ring of quality. <end>  Love it!  I wanted a plain, comfortable yet relatively substantial wedding band and that is exactly what I got with this ring! I ordered it on 10/17 and have it on my finger as I write this review on 10/22 -- pretty speedy shipping. I am really pleased with the quality! The comfort fit makes it so comfortable that I barely feel the ring at all which is GREAT! Highly recommend!! <end>  wonderful wedding band  My husband loves this wedding band. He says it is so comfortable and fits just perfectly. I am so happy I ordered it here. <end>  Great Value  I ordered this for my son to give his wife. The ring was delivered in a timely manner and came with a certificate of authenticity. My daughter-in-law loved the ring. <end>  Excellent wedding Band  I received this ring in a timely manner. It is excellent. Exactly what I want. <end>  Good value  The ring took a little long to ship, but then arrived on time. It is as expected, although when I got it the size seemed a little smaller than what I thought I had ordered. Otherwise a good product. <end>
 B000LTOZ3I  Amazon.com  Queen of Hearts Cuff w/ Red Stones Halloween Accessory  Clothing ||	  AAA+++ Seller  This item is still in perfect condition to use with this costume. Received ultra fast in brand new condition. I didn't realize that I never shared my opinion on this item...my computer had problems back then, so very sorry! Thank you! <end>
 B000LU5IHY  EXP Handmade Labradorite & Silver Earrings ||	  Beautiful earrings  These earrings are beautifully made and look striking. They are much heavier than expected and can pull on the ears. However, if you're not concerned with the weight of the earrings I highly recommend them, as they are quite unique. <end>
 B000LUVFA8  Unique Filigree Wirework Wide Band Sterling Silver Ring(Sizes 5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Beautiful Piece  I ordered this ring for myself and was very happy with the craftmanship and beauty of it. I receive compliments every time I wear it. The size (I wear a 7) was true. I've actually ordered a second one as a Christmas present for a family member. I have several pieces of jewelry from this seller and they are all beautiful and well made. Shipping is very fast too. Definitely recommend them. <end>  Great ring, a bit snug.  This ring is as beautiful as the picture. The only thing is, you may want to order the next size up--the reason is that the ring is wide. So while a narrow band of the same size fits my finger nicely, because this one is so wide, it gets snug around the middle of the finger. I moved it from my ring finger to my thumb though and absolutely love it. <end>  Lynn  This ring is unique and beautiful. I've received a lot of compliments on it and have referred people to Silver Insanity. <end>  jewelry  I love the ring as does everyone else who has seen it. It is even more beautiful in fact than it looked in the advertisement. I will definitly purchase from you again. Could not be happier. Speedy delivery was the icing on the cake. Thank you so much, Liz <end>  Substantial ring  I bought this ring in an 11 to fit my right thumb. Other reviews said buy it one size up, so I did. Fits nicely and is very attractive. Lots of compliments on ring. Wear it on days when not too busy with hands as it does catch on things occasionally but no more than any other ring might. Not cumbersome, even though substantial. I am allergic to metals accept gold and silver and have no problem with green on my flesh, so even though ring is not stamped, I believe it is sterling. This is definitely a good buy, you will enjoy this piece in your collection. <end>  Attention Grabbing, Wide Band  Unique is a great description for this ring. I receive compliments on it every time I wear it. The silver filigree catches the light and gives the ring a distinctive look. It definitely has a WIDE band and I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who doesn't like the feel of a wide band ring. Also, the filigree wire-work gives the band a varied texture against your skin and when combined with the width of the band it isn't the most comfortable ring to wear when working with your hands. Overall, it's beautiful, distinctive and a great value. <end>  Ring for Daughter  I bought this ring for my 15 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it. She never takes it off. It has held up really well (it is now February) and it hasn't turned or anything. We are very satisfied with the product and the price.Thanks! <end>  Awesome Ring  I purchased this ring for my youngest daughter who is artistic and dreamy. She loves the ring and wears it almost everyday. The workmanship is excellent and I am so glad it makes her happy!! <end>  I love this ring!  It's absolutely beautiful. It feels like a substantial piece of jewelry, intricate, interesting and comfortable to wear. I noticed some people commenting about its resilience - I don't know about that as I do not do physical kind of work. I can assure you that it's perfect for typing though... -) <end>  Love it!  The ring is great, true to size and I've gotten so many compliments on it! <end>  Not real silver  When this ring tarnished and I attempted to clean it in the proper recommend way, it turned black which means it is not sterling silver. I do not recommend anyone buying it. Now I'm stuck with an cheap ugly black piece of metal. <end>  Not as good as pictured  This is not as pretty as it is pictured. The wire is kind of haphazardly melded together. It does fit well, though. I am a tad disappointed with the quality. The item did arrive quickly and in good condition (if a little ugly to begin with), though.If you are thinking of buying this or another item...consider the other item. <end>  Fun and unique  I saw this product on-line and purchased it. It looks the same on-line as it does in person and I have gotten much use out of it already. I have also gotten compliments on it. It goes with anything and is fun and unique to wear. I can tell where it was cut and melted back together though when I chose my ring size (which is fairly small) but I don't think it is that noticeable to anyone else as I wear that part to show on the under side of my finger. I plan to continue to get lots of use out of it and the only thing I would recommend is to take off the ring before applying lotion - it does get stuck in the wiring otherwise and makes it hard to get out! <end>  Not as pretty on as in the picture  I am disappointed in the way this ring looks when it is actually on a finger...It is VERY wide and the particular ring I got (I believe they are all different) looks crude and amateurish, with gaping "holes" in the wirework. That said, when twisted the right way the ring is surprisingly comfortable and I think the ring could look very striking on someone with very long, very slender fingers. I am planning on wiring stone beads into the gaps of the ring and giving it to my daughter, whose fingers are more suited to the style...we shall see what she thinks of it! <end>  Dont Buy it  Although the picture shows a cute looking ring this ring isn't pretty. The fringed look, only looks like the ring has been left on the floor and someone ran it over with a vaccum cleaner. <end>  Pretty but not practical  I had wanted this ring for a while because of its interesting look, and I finally got one recently. Well, I'm sending it back and exchanging for something else. While this ring is beautiful and large and fun, I didn't realize how much it would bother me wearing it. I was hoping for something I could wear every day, and this is definitely not an every day piece. It snags, it hinders my finger's mobility when I put it on due to its largeness, it kind of irritates me because some parts of it poke my skin, and it's soft metal. It reminds me of strings of solder or just really thin silver wire. I love Silver Insanity's products, but I don't like this ring enough to keep it.But thanks to Silver Insanity for letting me exchange and making it such an easy process. <end>  Pretty and Unique Ring  This ring is lovely and unique (just as the title says). I like that it has a handcrafted look. Even though it is not one of a kind, it has that sort of appeal. I regret listening to the reviewer that said the ring runs small. I ordered up one size larger than I normally wear, and it was way too big. Wide band rings do fit tighter, but if you already know what size you wear in a wide band ring, do not buy up in size. <end>  A great ring!!!!!!!  Everyone has asked me about this ring.I even had a lady that wanted to buy it right off of my finger!!! It's sturdy and fits perfectly. <end>  Freeform silver ring  My goodness! How unique! I love this ring! I bought this for a gift and I am so excited to see my niece open it! I just know she is going to love it! <end>  Beautiful  It is a beautiful ring. I ordered a size 7 and it is a tight fit because of the design. I suggest going a size larger when ordering. <end>  Sweet gift for teen  My teenage daughter chose this ring as an inexpensive gift for a friend's birthday. The item was as expected and accurately represented. The item was shipped promptly and arrived with time to spare for the birthday party. Birthday girl loved the gift, as well. <end>  very modern  i love thing ring because it is so modern, and very cool. the wire is placed in such a cool manner, and i love wearing the ring! it does get stuck on some of my shirts, but otherwise, its a great ring. <end>  beautiful but hard to keep clean  I love this ring because it is so unique and people always have good comments to give me about it. My only complaint is that the ring is hard to keep clean. It will get tarnished (as all silver does) in the nooks and crannies which can be a pain. But I love this ring despite that! <end>  Amanda  This ring arrived very quickly and looks much like the picture. It is sturdy and has not bent or broken on me in the few weeks I've worn it. My only advice to buyers is to order a size larger than you normally would. I ordered a size 7 and it fits like a 6. Still love it though! <end>  Really different - but small  I really liked this ring.Very cool, and very different from anything I ever wear.Unfortunately, I didn't see the cautions about size until it was too late. It was a full size too small. And it wouldn't fit on any other finger. Well, that's not true, it fit nicely on my step-daughter's finger.If you like the ring, order a size larger than what you think you need.Then, you'll be happy. <end>  Attractive, but very fragile  Nice ring, but very fragile. Part of it broke the first time I used it. <end>  Nice looking ring, just uncomfortable.  It's a beautiful ring, but extremely uncomfortable to wear. Possibly if I had a little larger size it might make a difference. Not sure.... <end>  Very pretty  The ring is very pretty, but the odd shape of it doesnt allow the ring to keep its shape. The ring was also about half a size too small for the size it was supposed to be. <end>  Pretty, but be careful  The ring is very lovely. Not quite the way it is pictured, but still very nice to look at and well-sized. But be careful and examine yours when you get it. Mine has a section that digs into my finger if I wear it "wrong," so I don't wear it that often. <end>  rings  the product is nice, however the sizes are smaller than a ring of that size should be. Also the filigree tends to snag on clothing and other surfaces. <end>  ring  The ring is good but the size is a bit smaller than other size 8 rings i've had in the past <end>  Perfect and exactly what I was looking for  I wanted a ring that stood out yet was not too flashy. This is perfect. The unusual shape makes it an eye catching item, yet its neither bulky nor overwhelming. I love it. Two caution.... it doesn't exactly look like the picture. I just happen to really like anyways. Second it often gets caught in my hair or clothing. so watch out.I would recommend it and would buy it again. <end>  painful!  Pretty but painful to wear! Knobby & the same width all around, jams into the other fingers! But it IS really pretty & noticable!! SO I'll suffer! <end>  Beauty InterTwine  It looks as amazing on the website as well as on the finger. The size is exact. The Sterling silver is nicely done with a hint of shine. It is a talk piece whenever I wear it. Its intricate detail of the wirework is so well done. Though from time to time I feel the wire slightly jab the underskin of my finger, but can be fixed by turning the ring so it is more comfortable. I've had no discoloration so far and I wear this ring all the time. It is a piece that you will not be disappointed with. Great price to top it all. Enjoy!! <end>  Lovely -- but.....  This is a pretty ring, but it is uncomfortable. The sizing is a little on the small side, but the width of the band is uncomfortable on my finger. <end>  not happy  it is pretty but the size is off. ordered a 10 but it does not fit. it is more like a 8 or 9. <end>  unique  this is an unique ring - you can wear to work or out on the town. it's one of those pieces that no one else has, but a must have! i have received several compliments. it has some edges on it - and you should be careful with clothing, and after wearing a few times you'll find the best way to slip it for a comfortable fit. the ring runs a bit small, so buy a larger size. for the price, have fun and splurge...you can't go wrong. it would make an ideal gift as well - if you can part with it. <end>  Very nice  Love the ring! It's certainly unique, and many people have complimented on it. For the sizing of the ring, I used Amazon's ring guide and it fits perfectly. It does on occasion snag my clothes, so I have to be careful when I wear it. Overall, I'm very pleased with it! <end>  The Ring  Thank you so much for the ring. It is so gorgeous and it arrived quickly so I could flash it on my finger. I'll definitely do business with you guys again not only for your good service,but because your products are so beautiful! <end>  beautiful!!  I was pleasantly surprised when I received this ring. I wasn't expecting much but it's quite sturdy. It's a conversation piece and when a friend of mine saw it, she immediately ordered one for herself. Since they are all originals, you have to expect some imperfections but it truly is a beautiful ring. GREAT price!! <end>  waiting for them to respond to my e-mail  I ordered the wrong size - mailed it back to them and am still waiting for them to respond via e-mail.... I won't re-rate this ring until they send me the correct size.... I gave one star b/c the ring was nice. But I don't have anything right now.... <end>  It sucks  The first day I got it, I thought it was alright even though it looked way better in the picture than it does i real life. I've had it now for three days and I realize how horrible it is. I don't want to wear it at all anymore, and I want a complete refund or exchange. It looks really cheap, and like something my little brother could have made for me in metal-shop class. <end>  very poor  I got this ring and I got shocked because the real thing is discusting! It is crooked, very ugly and very bad in quality. I won't have it for free if someone gives it to me! What a waste of money. <end>  Thanksgiving  Thanks for this beautiful ring. It met all I expected from it. I am almost always wearing it and I really like it, especially because it is completely unusual compared to traditional rings' styles. It has an idea and all my friends like it. Having it I am very happy, so that I want to buy it for my daughter, too. Thus, thanks one more time <end>  A gift for myself  The ring has a wonderful appearance that catches everyone's eye. The sizes are true and I know I will have year's of enjoyment wearing the ring. <end>  Very wide ring  Ring is very pretty. It is very very wide though. It makes it a bit unconfortable to wear. It is a very interesting conversation piece. <end>  Very Unique!  Its a very unique ring that goes almost as high as my knuckle but wore it the first day and received many, MANY compliments because its so different. <end>  awesome!!  Prettier and way more funky than expected! I get lots of compliments and it flatters my thick finger! (I wear it on my middle ) <end>  Lovin' it  I love this ring. Its unique and awesome. The only thing I had to adjust to was that you can see the smelted wires but it adds to the artistic nature of the ring <end>  Filigree Wire Ring  This ring has a beautiful shine. The only thing is some of the wire digs into your finger and it hurts. I fixed that by using pliers. Otherwise, it is a good thumb ring. <end>  I am thrilled with this ring  This ring is prettier than I had expected!! Fits perfect...sizing was right on point. The delivery was very fast....very happy. <end>  Would love to give it 5 stars  I really would love to give it 5 stars. The only reason I am not is because I too have clumps and some of the design isn't as pretty as the picture. One of the clumps is a little pointy and it irritates my finger. I've just had to learn to ignore it and if I twist it just right it isn't that bad. I do this because I do love the ring. It sounds crazy to do all that, but I love it that much! I get compliments on it too. SO...I really want to give it 5 stars but can't because I feel I didn't get the "best one" in the bunch. <end>  Pretty but not exactly comfortable  Very pretty ring and I love the way it looks. The only issue I've had so far is that it is uncomfortable when you bend your fingers due to the wire design, there are many wavy points on the edges of the band that dig into your fingers when your fingers are bent. I will definitely wear this on special occasions but not for everyday wear. <end>  beautiful, but not practical  This ring is Beautiful and artistic, however, after wearing it off and on for about a week, one of the wire split, leaving two sharp ends exposed. i tried to sorta 'bend' them into the design, where they wouldn't be dangerous or noticable; but it just didn't work. after braving the danger, another wire or two broke.i'd say i put medium wear on my jewelry and i realize this is somewhat fragile, but i definately expected more from it and was disappointed. Now i'm not sure WHAT to do with it.I'd think twice unless you have a super-cushy job that doesn't require getting your hands dirty or frequent washing. DEFINATELY not a ring for a mom!!! <end>  Filigree Wirework Sterling Silver Ring  This Item looks just like the website visual. Its light and airy, with a unique design with every turn. I enjoy being able to wear this piece with practically every attire. It has a comfortable fit and has a lovely intricate appearance. I would recommend this piece for anyone who wants a ring that works with every style. <end>  Perfect  I love this ring. It looks great on, is a perfect fit, and is exactly as described by the company. Silver Insanity delivers quickly and has fun products. <end>  What impact for such a reasonable price  Got this today, and can't stop looking at it. It's beautiful. All who have seen it want one. I cant wait to try more of their jewelry. <end>  GORGEOUS!!!!!!!!  I still can't believe how inexpensive this ring is...it makes me want to buy more, but the one ring is so beautiful, there's no need. I have gotten tons of compliments about it, and the intricacy of the wirework makes it feel very custom-made and unique. It's like a beautiful piece of silver lacework on your hand - LOVE IT!!!!!! <end>  Silver filigree ring  I was disappointed with the quality of this ring. It's very feminine but cheaply thrown together... looks like something a child made. If it were of a better quality, this would be a beautiful ring. Some of the wire work is scrunched together and clumped, not like its pictured. I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  filigree wirework ring  the ring was very attractive and imaginative. The service was superb. <end>  Lovely and unique  It looks exactly like the picture. The ring looks delicate but feels sturdy and is very unique but do be aware that it can easily snag on clothes. If you're unsure about the size, I'd suggest order a larger size because there's no flexibility in the ring. It's fairly comfortable but wide so be sure you really like it before buying. I'm very happy with it! <end>  Delicate  I like it alot, but not for everyday wear, the silver is soft and will bend if caught on something, but for the price, nice addition to jewelry collection. <end>  Great design, sizing not true to size  A great ring at a great price, but the sizing seems to be smaller than the standard ring sizing. I ordered my usual size and it was too small. When I compared it to my other rings it was easy to see that it was smaller than rings of the same size. Customer service was accessible and the exchange was easy but not terribly speedy. <end>  Very lovely and affordable  I've never owned a piece of silver jewelry in my life but the pattern of this ring intrigued me. I bought it for my thumb and I love it. The finish is gorgeous and I really enjoy just looking at the abstract design. Will probably purchase from this vendor again. <end>  ring  I bought this for my mother for christmas and she loves it! It's very unique and the filigree design is right up her ally. Very nice. <end>  really nice... just like the picture  I ordered this for myself and love it. Fits great and looks great on. <end>  Unique piece  Unique and a good buy... and more sturdy than it looks in the picture. I've been testing the loops with a reasonable amount of force and they do not bend.Given the comments from previous reviewers, I was prepared to receive something that might look rather shoddy, but it is not shoddy. Obviously not the best quality silver, but still good for the price. Well-polished.The inside has a small raised bit of silver (where it was soldered) which scratches my finger a little when I slide the ring on - unless I rotate it first to a better position. It is not sharp and does not leave any marks, and once on, the ring fits very comfortably. So this is a minor problem. Obviously these imperfections will vary from piece to piece - this is the nature of the design.The ring does not catch on my clothing.Wish this ring came in size 5. Other reviewers have reported that the sizes run a little smaller than standard, but I ordered the size 6 and it is still somewhat loose on my pointer finger. <end>  Eyecatching  Ring fit perfectly, open work is interesting and attracts attention. The loops DO catch on my backback everytime I take the backpack off, and so have already broken one soldered connection. <end>  lovely to look at, uncomfortable to wear  I purchased this item based on it's rave reviews and different look. It is lovely and very different from other rings I have purchased. It is also horribly uncomfortable. There are pieces that cut into my fingers because they are sharp and unfinished. After an hour of wearing, I am dying to take it off and my skin is irritated. Now it is a lovely adornment for my jewelery box and not much else.  ( <end>  Very Special  This ring is beautiful, very delicate, striking. I won't wear it daily because it is so delicate, and it is also a B+ comfortable ring, in that it is not shaped to make tucking it close to the hand easy. However, it is beautiful and I'm glad I have it for the special dinners or dates ..... <end>  Lovely  I used this ring as my thumb ring and I get all sorts of compliments on it! It's not your average ring and the design is lovely! Thank you! <end>  Very cool ring  This ring is very unusual, which is why I love it.Bought it large to wear on my thumb but it would look good on any finger.Quality is very good. <end>  Silver Ring  I really like this ring. It fits perfectly on my middle or pointer finger. It's bright and hasn't tarnished. I get many compliments when I wear it. <end>  Unique Filigree Wirework Wide Band Sterling Silver Ring  Unique Filigree Wirework Wide Band Sterling Silver RingI ordered two of these, the first order was perfect, so perfect my granddaughter got it. The second was less, had some areas that would snag. Sizing was not a problem.Thank you <end>  attention getting  Everyone at work loves the ring and my customers ask where I got it all the time... it's unusual and fun! <end>  Arrived quick, returns was easy but sizes run small  This is a beautiful ring but the sizes run small. I would have needed a size 11 or 12 to fit my ring finger but they don't go that big. I had to exchange this item and it was really easy. The order also arrived quickly in appropiate packaging. <end>  Great Fit!!!!  I just recieved my order. This ring is true to size. It is comfortable for a wide ring and is very delicate looking. I know that I will enjoy this ring for a long time. <end>  Beautiful, sizing is off  I took the advice of the other reviews and went up a size, but mine was still a little tight. I am still waiting for my exchange but I hope it comes soon, I loved the ring.The ring is beautiful and I got so many compliments on it. <end>  Looks Nice, But Tarnished and Didn't Fit Properly  I received lots of compliments on this unique ring. But, the trouble that I've had getting just the right fit after resizing and keeping the ring from tarnishing makes it hard for me to recommend. <end>  A bit disappointing  First, I *do* like this ring, however the rest of my review may sound. That being said, the first thing I noticed was that it's sized rather small. It's quite a snug fit, so I recommend ordering a size up from what you normally would order. The second thing I noticed was that it really doesn't look like the picture - the wire is much thicker than I was expecting and wasn't put together very well. I have to wear it *just so* so that you can't see the giant holes in the "filigree". The band is also quite wide, so some people (such as myself) might have trouble bending whatever finger they wear this ring on. Then today, as I was giving my finger a rest from wearing it, I noticed that IT TURNED MY FINGER GREEN! Sterling silver does NOT turn my fingers green. I could deal with wearing it a certain way and only for short periods of time, but turning my finger green? It's junk. <end>  Interesting, but cheap looking  It is a really funky and fun piece of jewelery, but in real life it looks like something I could have bought at a jewelry dispenser <end>  Truly unique style ring  I ordered this ring for myself and just received it. I love it and it fits perfectly. I ordered the size I needed exactly and had no problem with the fit. It is as beautiful in person as on the web. Delivery was speedy and for that and the lovely ring Silver Insanity has me as a loyal buyer! <end>  RING  MY STERING SILVER RING IS VERY NICE I GET ALOT OF WOMEN ASK WHERE DID I GET IT I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH WITH IT! IT IS SO UNIQUE! YOU WON'T BE SORRY!!! <end>
 B000LUX3EY  Hematite Clear Swarovski Crystal .925 Sterling Silver French Ear Wire Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  Classical Ear Piece... You must have one of these...  Hearts, the color black, Ear wire, French and Swarovski. This earring has the word "YOU MEAN SOMETHING TO ME" all over it. Classic make and shiny finish make it a joy to look at and something the person who gives it as well as the receiver, be quite proud of themselves. Since it's Hematite, it doesn't lose it's luster and can look so elegant even if it isn't an expensive stone. <end>  beautiful earrings  I just love this pair of earrings and they go with almost anything I wear. They are very comfortable to wear and I will buy from this company again for sure. <end>  LOVELY  MY DAUGHTER HAS WORN THEM MANY TIMES. THEY ARE VERY PRETTY ON, I BELIEVE YOU WILL LIKE THEM ALSO. <end>
 B000LV88U2  10K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 4mm comfort-fit ||	  Good priced ring  If you want a plain but nice looking, comfortable ring this is it. I do not need anything else for a wedding ring. Hate luxurious things. <end>
 B000LVEAPY  10K White Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 5mm comfort-fit ||	  Wedding band scratches  When I first received this ring it was beautiful. It stayed shiny for about a month. Now 3 months later, is covered in scratches and no longer shiny. I ended up buying a sterling silver ring for much less money, and it is still scratch free after a month of wear. I was under the impression that 10k gold would not scratch as easily as 14k or 18k. Guess not. I would not recommend this ring, especially for the expense. <end>
 B000LZ2NBI  Amazon.com  Landstrom&#39;s Black Hills Gold Dangle Rose Earrings  Clothing ||	  Black Hills Gold  Landstrom is an excellent name in Black Hills Gold which I have purchased before. This did not disappoint. These earrings were exactly the small size my spouse wanted. HINT  When buying jewelry online, always look at the printed size of the item and make sure that is what you want. The quality and prompt delivery were outstanding. <end>
 B000LZ8WK4  14K Yellow Gold Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 3mm half round ||	  Very nice, great quality.  This ring is perfect. Just like the picture. The fit is good and the ring is very nice and shiny. <end>  Still looks great  Bought this almost three years ago and it still looks great, fits perfectly and just the right width personally for me since i did not want a very large band. Sits nicely against my engagement ring, I've never had any problems with it pinching. Very happy to this day about this purchase, great price and a great product <end>  Not great quality  The cost is good but the quality is not so good. You get what you pay for I suppose. <end>
 B000M01TEE  Sterling Silver Emerald Cut Quartz Gemstone Ring Size 7.5 ||	  smokey quartz  This is really a good buy for such a beautiful smokey quartz stone. It's just as pretty as advertised and I highly recommend this purchase. I have two large (stand alone) smokey quartz stones but this is my first purchase of the stone in the ring setting. Wonderful. <end>  Smokey Quartz Ring  This ring is true to its picture. It is very beautiful. Remember what you are paying for and you won't be disappointed. This is a sterling silver ring with a smokey quartz stone and I believe what you get far exceeds the price! I would definitely recommend this to a friend. <end>
 B000M08DMU  Made with Swarovski Elements Clear Crystal Heart Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  Nice earrings  These earrings are very light and nicely made. Very nice with a black top or dress. They are even lighter than the other dangly earrings made by the seller so if you need somthing lighter than normal, but still a good size and will show up under long hair, this could be for you.I was pleased with the product and had no hassles in buying or delivery. <end>  dainty pretty earrings  Very pretty and dainty earrings. They have great attraction to light to them without being too flashy. They are perfect day or night. <end>  pretty earrings  These are very pretty earrings. They are delicate and sparkly. My daughter loved them. Delivery was quick. <end>  Not what they appear to be!  The picture is so beautiful but it is also very magnified. These earrings are thin and flimzy. Would not buy again. <end>  Great Earrings  These earrings are so pretty and have a lot of sparkle and shine. They are much lighter than they appear in the photos which makes them very comfortable. I love my pair and may buy more to give as gifts. <end>  lovely  Look very real, like diamonds. Nice quality. Hang nicely on the ear. Very pretty piece. <end>  Dazzling pair of earrings  The moment I saw this earrings I loved it, elegant and beautiful, for every special occasion. They are the right size, and all my friends like it. <end>
 B000M4DETS  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Amethyst Stone Oval Twist Border Dangle LeverBack Lever Back Earrings ||	  Not What They Seem  These erring look better online than in person. I hardly use them at all. They look rather cheap in person and stone is smaller than it looks online. Not sparkly at all. Disappointing! <end>
 B000M4M20U  Inspire Sterling Silver .925 'Hope' Faith' 'Love' Word Talk Round Circle Black Silk Pendant Necklace ||	  Not good  After 1 month the cord broke in half. It appears the cord must have been rotten or too long in stock <end>  beautiful charm  This is a beautiful sterling charm that will be a nice gift for a friend. I like that it's simple and looks good for a twenty-something gal. <end>  Black Cord Broke very Quickly!  When this necklace was first purchased, I really liked it. However, after having it less than a month, the cord broke, and I lost the silver charm. I was so disappointed, as I really liked the way it looked on.I hope there is something the seller can do to fix this problem, as I see that others have had the same issue. <end>
 B000M72H02  July Ruby Czech Crystal & Gold Little Girl Birthstone Little Girl Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Little Girl Italian Charm  I received the charm in a very timely manner after placing my order. The charm is lovely and arrived just as described. I would definetely order from this seller again. <end>
 B000M8IIUO  Solid Sterling Silver Dragon Head Rings Please specify size  10 ||	  Good all around  The ring is very beautiful and even if it is not too cheap the quality and durability if the ring is absolutely worth it. definitely a good buy. <end>
 B000M8O76I  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Cancer Please specify size  10 ||	  nice  my friend totally digs the ring i have one aswell and its holding up well considering i play hard  ) <end>
 B000M8Q99Q  Solid Sterling Silver Thumb Ring Please specify size  12 ||	  Beautiful Ring  I liked the picture of this ring, but it is even more beautiful in person. I don't think you could find a better quality for the price. I ordered the wrong size (which was my own fault), but I like it so much I think I'll order a new one and keep the first to give to someone with bigger thumbs. <end>  Disappointed  I received this ring and I truly love it. However, it was too big. So I immediately returned it to the company (Silvermoon) for a different size. To this date I still have not received the ring. I had ordered a size 11 and all I wanted was to exchange it for a small size 10. I have communicated to the company that I still have not received the ring and they are checking into it. It's been such a long time now that I don't know what's going to happen. I sent it back in a box and wrapped it and put their address on it. I also included my address. Can you help me?Thanks.Susan <end>
 B000M8RZM6  Solid Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Men's Ring with Stunning Single CZ Center Please specify size  9 ||	  excellent ring....but worst shipping  excellent quality ring.....but worst quality shipping, my package was missing 2 of the 5 items i ordered and also arrived very late.I still havent recieved my missing items after several conplaints....nor recieved any refund....its more than 1 months they havent done any thing.so if u really like it then only buy...also be prepared to lose ur money. <end>
 B000M8S2A0  Solid Sterling Silver Light Ring Please specify size  4 ||	  Very nice!  I really liked this ring. It's very appealing and nice. It arrived quickly too. Thank you very much, this seller is very highly recommended! <end>
 B000M93WEK  Made with Swarovski Elements Cats Eye Lavender Crystal Sterling Silver French Ear Wire Hook 1.25" Long Dangle Earrings ||	  Gem Avenue Swarvoski earrings  These were a gift for my granddaughter. She loves them as she always doeswhen I give her Gem Avenue jewelry. <end>
 B000M9HBEW  Stunning Solid Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Ring with Round Cubic Zirconia and Amethyst Semi-Precious StonesPlease specify size  7 ||	  CZ and Amethyst Ring Sterling Silver  This is a very nice little ring. Good quality for the price! The stones are all set straight and the sterling has not scratched. <end>
 B000M9LJCC  Solid Sterling Silver "Peace" Band Ring Please specify size  8 ||	  Heavy, smooth silver  I'm happy with the quality of this ring. Nice, heavy silver and smooth finish. Good value for the price, and the message is universal. <end>
 B000M9LL7A  Solid Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Rhodium Plated Men's Ring with Large Center CZ and Surrounding Small CZ Stones Please specify size  11 ||	  Just Ok  There is a lot of weight to the silver and stones a good quality too but the ring is not made well. The mold of the ring is very messy and uneven which makes the ring look fake and cheap... not worth the $50.00 I paid... it's going back. <end>
 B000M9NDOO  Solid Sterling Silver Wolf Light Ring Please specify size  3 ||	  Wonderful!  This ring fits great it lies flat against your finger, no sharp edges. I wear it every day it's very comfortable and durable. I couldn't be happier with it. Excellent value for the price! <end>  Nice item  Bought this for my girlfriend for Valentine's Day. She loved it. It looks good with just about everything she wears. <end>  Very nice ring!  It is a very nice ring. I love wolves,a dn this ring i ordered i feel is worth it! <end>  Beautiful!  This is a very beautiful ring! It is just how it looks in the picture. It is hard to find nice, true to form wolf jewelry. This is one of those rare, well designed wolf items! It is a bit fragile because it is 925, but you can bend it back easily. <end>
 B000M9OJYW  Solid Sterling Silver Crystal Wolves Ring Please specify size  5 ||	  Two solid sterling silver wolves watch over the crystal moonlight  Sterling silver wolves snuggle close together on this emaculate ring as they over look eternity through a crystal ball. Wolves have become endangered but to these two wolves their love and closeness will live on through human awareness and caring for them as they are past on as a family heirloom through generation yet to come. The two sterling silver wolves and crystal ball are delicately formed to sit comfortably on a hand. They will be given to my sister-in-law as a Christmas present. She has been the strength in our family so many times, just as the strength of the wolves do in their closeness in this majestic ring. <end>
 B000M9PIMY  Oval Flying Spaghetti Monster Pendant - antique-silver finish ||	  What Fun  This is great little piece of jewelry with quite a story behind it. I googled The Flying Spaghetti Monster story and knew I had to belong to this exclusive club. <end>
 B000MC5PMO  Solid Sterling Silver Ear Cuffs ||	  loved it  Perfect ear cuff. Slightly larger than expected, but that allows the details to be seen from a distance.It's very solid, but not overly heavy the way that some ornamental pieces can be.One complaint  there's very little play in the legs that form the actual cuff, so it is difficult to adjust. It seems specifically designed to be worn over the central cartilage where adjusting isn't really necessary though, so that's not a huge deal. <end>  4 stars  It is a beautiful ear cuff that I'm very glad to have found. The only minor and ignorable problem I have with it is that it causes a slight amount of soreness on the inside of the ear. Thanks for the wonderful product. <end>
 B000MC7HNO  Solid Sterling Silver Angel and Cat Brooch Pin ||	  Love My Angel Cat!  I love collecting both angel and cat jewelry, so this piece was perfect for me! Lovely, solid sterling features a gorgeous angel lifting her kitty heavenward--I always knew that angels had to have cat companions! A beautiful, unusual, inspiring piece of jewelry, beautifully crafted, very expressive. Buy this lovely pin, you won't be sorry! <end>
 B000MC7IYC  Solid Sterling Silver Poppy Jasper Earrings ||	  Lovely earrings  I'm very happy with these earrings. The sterling silver pattern complements the beautiful stones. <end>
 B000MC9C6O  Solid Sterling Silver Graduation '2007' Necklace ||	  Affordable and thoughtful gift  This is a very sweet gift at an affordable price. My niece really liked this gift, she wore it during her graduation. <end>
 B000MC9CDC  Solid Sterling Silver "Daddy's Little Girl" Charm ||	  disappointed  well i would love to give positive feedback on this purchase but as I was supposed to receive this item by dec 30, 2008 and it is now jan 18, 2009 and still not received the item so therefor I am not satisfied but they have my money. <end>
 B000MCG16I  Table Top Jewelry bracelet Holder Rack Stand Display Silver Metal Harp ||	  Great Bracelet organizer  Nice simple stand that holds a lot of braclets. Keeps everything in one place.I didn't even realized how many bracelets I have until I organized and put them out on display.They only thing is that it does take up some space on the dresser table.Besides that, the organizated stand helped me utilize bracelets that I've forgotten I have. <end>  jewlery stand  This is great. Its just the right size and holds anything you need. Its deffinitely worth the money and is great for hanging bangles on. <end>  Gave me the wrong one (  I received the necklace stand instead of the bracelet stand. Im so disappointed I was really looking forward to the bracelet stand. How do I fix this?? <end>  Holds a lot without taking up a lot of space!  I purchased this for my bracelets and long earrings. It is perfect. I can see all my bracelets easily and it keeps them all organized in a small amout of space on my dresser. I would purchase again. <end>  great buy!  i love bracelets, and this has been perfect for keeping them organized and easy to get to. it's not the highest quality in looks, but it is ok. and it's functional and a good price, and i keep it on a shelf in the closet anyway  ) <end>  Satisfactory  It works okay, but sometimes tough to get the bars on and off the hooks. It is beautiful for the price and looks great on my dresser. <end>  Love these stands  I love these stands. They're cute, stylish, and work perfectly for all my bracelets. I have two of the bracelets stands and two of the earing stands. My mom and sister both use these too now once they saw mine  ) <end>  I LOVE iT!  The perfect bracelet holder rack!!! Simple-looking but cute and great design - doesn't take much space in my luggage or in my closet! Found it on Ebay for twice the price. So happy I got it on Amazon for half the price plus fast/free shipping =) <end>  Nice holder  You can take the bars off and make it a necklace holder or for bracelets. Appears to be well made. I recommend this item. <end>  Awesome Holder  I have this display on my home to hold all my jewelry display. It a stand and it works well holding small bracelets and necklaces. Its better than a regular jewelry box. <end>  Very Handy!!  This is exactly what I was looking for and I am able to store a great amount of bracelets and still have easy access to each one. <end>
 B000MD5RCG  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Pisces Please specify size  11 ||	  Silver Ring  I ordered this ring and received it in a very timely manner. It was just as pretty when I got it. I'd ordered a size 9 and it was a tad snug but that may be because I have big fingers. But it is a beautiful ring and nicely priced! <end>
 B000MFD9SS  18k Yellow Gold Plated Sterling Silver Ruby and Diamond Accent Heart Earrings ||	  Small & Beautiful  I bought these for my wife for Valentine's day and she LOVES them.The only noteworthy comment is that they are slightly smaller than the photo might suggest - the hearts are only about 1/2 of an inch high.Pros Gold plated over silver including posts (my wife is allergic to stainless steel, so this is a must)Very nice detailNot a boring standard design, but not a weird/crazy design eitherOverall, subtle but beautifulCons Somewhat smaller than expectedBox was adequate, but nothing to write home about.Overall, I couldn't be happier about my purchase, and neither could my wife. <end>  pretty  I had these on my wish list and someone purchased them to surprise me. They are very pretty earrings and look expensive. <end>  Pretty but too loose  I love these earrings, they are gorgeous and just the right size for a drop earring. The problem is they do not come with any type of security backing so mine fell out the first day I wore them. Fortunately enough for me, I was sitting right by where they fell and didn't loose them out somewhere. I would only recommend these earrings if they sell them with security post backs. <end>  Pretty earrings...  I got these for my mother in law for Christmas. They are pretty, although not my style. The rubies are little tiny chips and they have "made in china" stamped on the back, whch drives me crazy. So, they are okay. A good weight, pretty earrings, but they say made in china. <end>  Very pretty  These earrings are small, delicate and very pretty. I really like them but don't purchase if expecting large jewels. Recommend wearing with backings. <end>  very cute  These were purchased for our 17 year old daughter for Christmas. She wanted a complete set of ruby and diamond jewelry so I searched different sites to put together a set. You never really know what you will come up with. These earrings were just great. They were really cute and would go well with any ruby mix. great price, really great looking product. <end>  WATCH OUT  When I recieved these earrings, all the diamonds had been ripped off. Gone. Completely. And to be quite honest, the "ruby" looks like pink plastic stones. Wanted to get them for my mom for christmas, but now I have to send them back and i'm not sure if i'll even get her new present on time before crhistmas. <end>  Beautiful  I almost cried when I saw these earrings. They are so beautiful. They look like I paid alot of money for them. I love them very much I wear them everyday. <end>  Beautiful Heart  Very Very Beautiful -- These are my woman's favorite -- I would like to find a pair in solid yellow and white gold. I would pay the price! <end>  Eye catchers!  These are gorgeous earrings that just happened to match a pendant I already had. I've had many compliments on them. <end>  Nice but small  I expected these to be abit larger but I do like them. The sorta match a heart necklace that I wear every day so I thought they would look nice and they do. I will wear them alot. <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings are so pretty. The perfect size. The long hooks keep them in place. I am really happy with them. <end>  It is even more beautiful in person  I could not be more pleased. These earrings are absolutely beautiful. There is a necklace that matched.....I just might have to buy that too. <end>  '18k Yellow Gold Plated Sterling Silver Ruby and Diamond Accent Heart Earrings'  18k Yellow Gold Plated Sterling Silver Ruby and Diamond Accent Heart EarringsI think theses earrings are beautiful. I ordered a pair for me and I loved them so much, I ordered a set for my younger sister. Again I just love them. <end>  Prettier than I expected  Silver part of earring has an almost diamond cut brilliance to it - more sheen than evidenced in photo, yet very classic in appearance - not as "busy" as photo because earring is mostly one colour. Wearable with more than I expected. <end>  Great Mother's Day gift!  We got these earrings for my mom for Mother's Day and she loves them! We are expecting a baby in July,and ruby would be her birthstone (which my mother figured out of course!) The earrings are lovely and the price is very reasonable. <end>  like the real thing  I loved these earrings. I have a gold pendant, the exact same design so when i saw these I said ..wow!! what a match they'll be and they were. They look beautiful and expensive together. <end>  Beautiful  These earrings are beautiful. They are smaller than I expected, however. Still, a great buy, love the detailing. <end>  18k Yellow Gold Overlay Sterling Silver Ruby & Diamond Accent Heart Earrings  I like these earrings but I had to give 4 stars for the fact that they kept coming off and they would be easy to loose if you don't have a thingy that slides on the back to keep it from falling out. <end>  Great gift.  I bought these for my mother on xmas, she loved it. She danced in cirlces, I don't see what was so amazing about them, but OK. <end>  really nice  I was not expecting much when I ordered these, just a stocking stuffer for the wife. I was very pleased with the quality when they arrived. They are much bigger than the pictures make them look. <end>  Cute earrings  Good graphic as the earrings look exactly like those in the picture...HOWEVER, you definitely need French wire earring clutches to keep them from falling out. <end>  Pretty color  These earrings arrived and look as cute as the photo. They are not heavy so you can wear them all day. <end>  Lovely Earrings  These earrings were everything I expected ... they look really nice. It would have been nice if they came with backs, but I was able to get some for them. <end>  good earrings, great gift  i bought this as a gift, and it sure deserves good words for description because they are as good as on the picture. ! <end>  Christmas gift for my wife. Ordered severals earrings, etc. but this seemed to be the favorite. Very nice but not overstated.  Ordered severals earrings, etc. but this seemed to be the favorite. Very nice but not overstated. Seemed to be well made. <end>  She loved them!  They were a Christmas present for my wife. As of December 1 we have been married 56 years...and she loved them! What else can I say? <end>  A much appreciated present  Gave this as a gift and the person LOVED them. Even more stunning in person. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a nice piece of jewelry at an affordable price. <end>  Merry Christmas  I received these earrings for Christmas from my husband and they are beautiful. I love the detail and the way they hang. I especially like that they are lightweight. The unique design with the flower detail is wonderful. My husband definetly has good taste in selecting jewelry for me . <end>
 B000MG99UY  Stainless Steel Greek Key Bracelet 3/8 inch wide, 8 inch long ||	  Substantial piece  Very nice bracelet. Very substantial, heavy piece. Sharp looking piece of jewelry with secure clasp. The picture doesn't do this bracelet justice. <end>  Handsome Bracelet  Photo does not due this piece of jewlery justice. It is very heavy and masculine, craftsmanship is excellent - arrived way ahead of expected delivery date, packaged well and all set for gift giving. Great for the guy in your life, the Surgical Steel is solid, the design is unique. Give the seller and the jewelry a try, you will not be disappointed. <end>  Chic Bracelet  The bracelet is more great than it looks on the website, it's safe to wear, elegant,and heavy. The delivery was just on time. <end>
 B000MK4S3I  Genuine Sterling Silver Detailed Star of David Pendant ||	  I loved it  the pendant is beautiful, I would order from them again. it got here in a decent time, and was as described. <end>
 B000MKBJUI  Sterling Silver Miraculous Mary Religious Medal Medallion with Chain ||	  Miraculous Medal  Very pleased with purchase. The chain is a bit thin, but overall very happy with medal; image both sides very well crafted. <end>
 B000MKG9YY  Genuine Sterling Silver High Polish Religious Large Star of David Jewish Pendant ||	  Very Nice  What you see is what you get here. Chain was a little longer than I expected, but very nice. <end>
 B000MLERX8  Sterling Silver 6.5mm Round Pink Cubic Zirconia Stud Earrings ||	  They are great but, too large for my ears  They are comfy and I am able to wear them for long periods of time where with some other metals I can not. The thing is I have smaller ears than some people so the stones are a little big for my ears I think but other than that they are just fine. <end>  Considerin the price, these are decent enough  The actual ear-ring that comes are much different than the one shown here in the picture. So hold ur expectations!!!The real color is much much lighter than the color that seems to be pink here. So dont expect much in this price.But still i will say that you wont regeret owing them after your purchase. These are decent enough for normal wear. <end>  Sterling Silver, stud, pink, earrings  Not pink as the picture is, only pink cast. They are large enough that my old hands can handle. Some of the tiny earrings are difficult. I have worn several times and like them very much. <end>  expensive looking for small price!  These earings are gorgeous! They look expensive but are priced very low. I love them and will buy more from them. Only bad thing is that the backs are very small and hard to hold on to put them on. <end>
 B000MM5TAW  Sterling Silver Pink Synthetic Opal Slide Pendant with 8 mm Amethyst Trillium CZ, 1 3/16 inch tall, ||	  Beautiful!  This is a beautiful piece. The picture shows it to be a topaz but it's really an amethyst. Since the price was so reasonable the amethyst was not the best quality so I took it to a jeweler and had it replaced. It is now very striking and unique. <end>
 B000MM5TI4  Sterling Silver 11/16 inch X 9/16 inch Oval Pendant Synthetic Opal Inlay ||	  Incredible !!!  The colors in this pendant is beautiful; lots of rich blues and greens. It looks very nice on a rope chain and I am very pleased. <end>
 B000MM9BF6  Sterling Silver Stingray Pink Synthetic Opal Slide Pendant w/ CZ stones, 1 1/8 inch tall, ||	  Sterling Silver Sting Ray Pendant  This item is great. I got so many compliments on it. Just as displayed on the website. I would purchase from this site again. Quick delivery too. <end>
 B000MMAUMO  Sterling Silver Mother & Baby Dolphin Pendant Synthetic Opal Inlay w/ CZ stones, 1 1/8 inch tall, ||	  Nice opal  This is reallly a nice size and well put together jewlery. Get lots of complements on it it goes with most outfits. <end>  GORGEOUS JUMPING DOLPHIN WITH BABY!  I LOVE this pendant! It's so cute! And a good size. Not very small, not very big...somewhere in the middle. It is an inch long from the end of the babies tail to the tip of the mother's snout. Close to a half inch at the widest points which are the tip of the mother's dorsal fin to the tip of the mother's pectoral. I hope this makes sense for you to picture in your mind. It's very well made, excellent quality and a solid piece of silver. Has some good weight to it. Very shiny, and I LOVE that synthetic blue opal! It has a great sparkle "glitter" to it. The shine it has can not be captured by photo. It can't do it justice than the beauty you see in the real pendant. I just love that blue. It is my birthstone color and my favorite color too. Actually, I got this for Mother's Day...which is an excellent gift for that! It's a mother and baby! So cute! The baby is just too cute! There also is cubic zirconia's for each of the eyes too. I recommend this...especially on Mother's Day, or a new mom! <end>
 B000MMC310  Sterling Silver Horse Charm ||	  Sterling Silver Horse Charm  Beautifully detailed. Good value. Provided as promised in nice jewalery bag. <end>
 B000MMG3SE  Solid Sterling Silver Zodiac Band Ring - Pisces Please specify size  10 ||	  Silver Ring  I ordered this ring and received it in a very timely manner. It was just as pretty when I got it. I'd ordered a size 9 and it was a tad snug but that may be because I have big fingers. But it is a beautiful ring and nicely priced! <end>
 B000MN4P5Q  2.00 Ct.T.W. Genuine Round Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  E X C E L L E N T  I love my gemstones and purchasing on-line can sometimes be quite tricky. With that said, these earrings are a wonderful find! I was pleased with the gem quality and the workmanship of the silver. These earrings are an excellent buy and would make a great gift. I would be interested in seeing my jewelry from this seller listed on Amazon. <end>
 B000MNS3ZY  SCER129 Sterling Silver Crystal and Tiger Eyes Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  very nice  These earrings were even prettier than I expected. Nice length, and great tiger eye color. Good for casual or dressy occasions. <end>  pretty earrings  lovely, the packaging could be a bit classier but the earrings are beautiful and look well worth the price. a good deal <end>  Great price  look nicer in person. Nice item for the money. look better than expected. If you like tiger's eye you should be very pleased with this item. <end>  Very pretty earings  I like these earrings a lot. They are well matched in color and the tiger eye light play is very noticeable. The crystal beads add anice sparkle. These earrings are medium in size. If you want large earrings then you will not want this pair. Every time i wear them i am complimented on how pretty they are. <end>  VERY PRETTY!  I bought these earrings as a gift and they were beautiful! Great price for a great product!The coloring was very nice and they weren't gaudy. The person I purchased them for loved them! I would definitely recommend! <end>  Dull  I bought these earrings as a gift and will not be giving them as a gift. They are dull, the tiger eye gem doesn't have the different hues of brown like the picture. I was dissappointed. <end>  Tiger Eye French Hook Square Cut Earrings  The earrings i purchased are beautiful. I had a very hard time finding a square cut tiger eye with silver to match a pendant i had purchased. I found these and thought i would give the company a try. They were very reasonably priced. I am very pleased with my purchase. However, these are a Christmas gift so i am not familiar with their durability yet. So far So Good!! <end>  Iridescent!  I love the way these earrings glow when the light hits them. A great choice! <end>  Positive  I bought these earrings for my wife (per her specifications  brown, dangel, and square). She was happy and pleased with them. I'm happy and please because she is. Isn't life grand. <end>  Love them  I really like the earrings. They are a great size and color. I wish mine had a little more variety of the bronze color, but I love them just the same! <end>  Looks may be deceiving...  I bought these earrings for my mother for her anniversary.She is a big fan of tiger eye, so I figured that this would be perfect.They are a little small in comparison to the picture. <end>  Great Earrings  Just got these in the mail and must say they are just beautiful. Woould highly recommend. <end>  a gift for my girl Friend  i gots these as gift for girl Friend. she love them, and she is the kind of woman who will it me if she doesnt like some thing i get her <end>  beautiful  I love these earrings. They are very classy and go with so much. I highly recommend them. <end>  As described - nice earrings.  I bought these for my wife for Christmas. She likes longer dangly earrings and she liked these. They look nice and feel solid. <end>
 B000MNUIYS  Amazon.com  Elegant Jewelry Box  Clothing ||	  Great buy for the price  My wife absolutely loves this jewelery box I gave her for Christmas. It is stylish and nice looking as well as very functional. <end>
 B000MOWR9G  Sterling Silver Heart Charms Bracelet ||	  Muy lindo, y fino  Son mas bonitos que lo que pueda verse en la foto, estoy encantada con mi brasalete. <end>
 B000MOXZRY  Sterling Silver Heart Shaped Stud Earrings ||	  Small and good quality  These earrings are small and of good quality. I purchased them for my mother and she likes them. <end>  Great quality!  Got these earrings for a friend's birthday to match a Tiffany's necklace she'd been given. The silver was wonderful quality and they looked gorgeous. They match the necklace almost perfectly so really they're great quality for the price. I've bought maybe 3 things off of Eve's Addiction now and they all seem to be very well crafted. <end>  ADORABLE!!!  I have purchased a few products from Eve's addiction and have always been extremely satisfied, but these went above and beyond my typical satisfaction. Shipping was fast, as always, and these earrings are the perfect size and great quality. Highly recommended! <end>
 B000MOYHYO  Sterling Silver Peaceful Heart Stud Earrings ||	  Cheap looking  I purchased these earrings for a Xmas gift and was very disappointed. The photo looks MUCH better. This is the 2nd time I purchased from this seller and returned the item. I won't buy from them again. <end>
 B000MP1OGC  Monica's Extra Thin Sterling Silver Wedding Ring Set ||	  Wonderful Ring set!  I adore this ring set. I wear it every day since I got it, about 3 months ago now, and it is still as beautiful as the day I got it in the mail. The only time I take it off is if I am working with bleach. There has been no tarnishing or discoloration, and I have gotten so many compliments and people asking me how much money it set me back to buy it. I just smile and say it was worth every penny. The only thing to be careful of is the sizing. I have large fingers, and my ring finger is a 10 from most sellers. Well since I have purchased rings from this seller before, I knew they ran a little big so I got a size 9. It is still a little loose on me, although not enough to fall off. So be careful when choosing a size, and get a size or even two smaller than what you normally wear. But I can not rave enough about this ring set, and all of the jewelry I get from this seller! A+++++!!! <end>  You Get What You Pay For....  And isnt that the truth. My original wedding set was lost on vacation. I am not a big jewelery person anyway, and I dont care to wear diamonds at all. I bought this because it was cheap, pretty, and simple. The engagement ring is well enough, I actually get compliments on it all the time. but the wedding band ring, all the stones are falling out, on all sides, so I cant even turn the bad side underneath my finger. Its atrocious. I appreciate that there are companies out there making things like this for people who can not necessarily afford it. But so much quality is sacrificed. I have to buy another set. But, my shipment came on time, the ordering was hassle free.... <end>  Love this ring  Well, my name is Monica, so how could I resist not buying this? Super fast delivery and the ring is perfect. I lost a diamond in my wedding band and got this to wear for now, and I truly LOVE IT! It really looks "real" and I am more than pleased. It does run a little big, I usually wear 5 1/2 and bought the 5, it fits perfect. <end>  disappointed!  After looking online at thousands of CZ rings I choose this one because I thought I would like the thinness of the band. I was so disappointed when I opened my package today. My first thought was it looked cheap and fake and almost bubble gum machine looking. The center stone is way too big for me and it sets up really high. I can imagine it knocking into everything and getting in the way. The stones go around the whole band and even with the thinness of the band it's too wide between the fingers and the stones scratch the inside of each finger touching the ring. This ring will be going back. Beware...this would be a hard ring to pass off as real looking! Also the picture of the ring is deceiving; I think it looks nothing like the picture. Shipping was very quick! <end>  Thin Ring  Very lovely, looks very nice and it truly thin! I like to wear the band alone on my right hand. I get compliments on this ring every time I am out <end>  Decent Ring  Item was nice. I wish the individual diamonds on the rings looked more real instead of blended together. Still very nice and great for the price. <end>  A cute set for everyday use  The rings are small and fit well for everyday use on any number of outfits. <end>
 B000MP6LVA  Beautiful! Diamond-cut Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold 6 Leaf Dangle-earrings ||	  Diamond-cut Yellow-gold Black Hills Gold 6 Leag Dangle Loop Earrings  These earrings are beautiful! The green and pink gold of the leaves shows off beautifully against the yellow gold of the earrings circle and ear hook. They are just the perfect size - large enough to attract looks from admirers and small enough to look really classy! The seller, Rich Peel enterprises was great to work with. And the product shipped instantly. A real nice piece for anyone's collection. <end>
 B000MPP7O2  Amazon.com  FG Spinner Ring - Tribal Cross  Clothing ||	  hard to exchange  THIS IS INDEED A NICE RING FOR THE PRICE. THE ONLY THING IS IF YOU ORDER THE WRONG SIZE, BECAUSE OF THEIR SIZING , IT IS HARD TO CONTACT DEALER FOR A EXCHANGE OF SIZE OR MONEY BACK. NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THE SELLER. <end>  As good as it looks!  I got this as a gift, and the recipient loves it. The only problem is that the sizing is a little strange so it's tough to get a good fit. But for this price I would buy it again. <end>
 B000MPQDX6  14k White Gold Journey Diamond Heart Shaped Pendant (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I1 Clarity) ||	  1/2 carot heart jurney pendant  The pendant is beautiful, just as expected. The neckless however is a bit short at 18 inches. Needed to get one at 20 inches to properly display. All else was fine. <end>
 B000MQ96MK  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Round Cubic Zirconia and Heart Mother of Pearl Polish Finished Rhodium Plated 5mm Band Flower Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Love this ring!  I absolutely love this ring. It is a nice size on the finger and very eye catching. It's sturdy and high quality. A great ring! <end>  Good Ring, Great Price  Product looks high quality in person and shines nicely. The size and quality are great and I would recommend the ring for younger women with a sense of fashion since the flower on the ring is larger than average. Overall this is a good product, good price, with fast delivery. <end>  Impressive ring  It's great! Perfect size (very noticeable and impressive), can be worn with anything, and looks of a very high quality (certainly more expensive than it is). The delivery was very quick. <end>  Cute ring!  I have already received lots of compliments on this ring. It looks much more expensive than it is and it really does dress up your outfit. It also looks cute with a casual look too! <end>  Absolutely Fabulous!  I loved this ring in the picture and in real life, it's even better. I wanted a larger ring that I could wear with jeans or my work attire, I found it in this ring. The craftmanship is exquisite. It is definitely an eye-catcher no matter when you wear it. I love shiny objects and this fits the bill. I just can't say enough good things about this ring or this company. Excellent service, speedy delivery, and a fabulous product. An all around winner in my book. <end>  Very beautiful  This ring is very beautiful and I loved it. The one thing I would have wanted to know before buying it though is that the ring runs small. My forefinger is usually a size six and I couldn't get it on my finger... especially in the morning. I had to return it because of that. <end>  gorgeous ring  The delivery was great and you know what I had about a million compliments on this ring it is unreal. I love it! <end>  sterling silver cubic zirconia mother of pearl ring  When I received this ring it was as gorgeous as the picture!!! I love its quality and you will too. it is aprox 1 inch in diameter. so it is a little bigger than the picture but extremely beautiful. <end>  carmen  I love, love, love this ring. It's really beautiful and worth much more than the asking price. It looks expensive and it is well made. I get lots of compliments when I wear it. The flower is simply amazing! <end>  Very nice ring  This is a good product, with excellent quality and well finished.Just a little thing that it is not said  the flower's width is about 1 inch (2.4 cm). So it is exactly not a "small" ring. <end>  BIG Beautiful Flower Ring  WOW, I love this ring. It's quite large but, not at all ostentatious,it has a sweet feminie look to it. Very substancial but, not overly heavy. The mother of pearl is SO shiny and the cz sparkles perfectly. The condition of this ring is flawless. It's an absolute beauty. I could not love this ring more than I do, it's perfect and I HIGHLY recommend it! <end>  A very girly ring  I purchased this ring because I wanted something feminine and sweet to go with the serious pantsuits I must wear to work each day. This is a truly gorgeous ring; it looks expensive and it garners a lot of attention, especially the attention of women. The first day I wore it the ladies at work demanded to know where I purchased it. It is quite a substantial piece, though, and I wear it with small diamond studs only. I think it's best purchased for a middle finger because it is so large. I like that it is white, too, because it goes with a lot of different outfits. <end>  Very Big, Inconsistent Size  The ring is beautiful, however, it's huge. I wanted to wear it on my ring finger but I would suggest get it for your middle finger if you want it. Also the ring came in the wrong size. I ordered a 5 and it was a 5.5; someone had said their ring sizes run small - however, I found them to run big. But basically it seems there is no consistency with the ring sizes. I have bought several size 5 rings and never had a problem. I returned the ring and was not refunded my shipping even though the sizing was incorrect. <end>  Beautiful, feminine, eye-catching ring  I am very impressed with the ring's quality, especially for the price. The band is thick and sturdy, and the whole ring appears to be well put together--I am not nervous about wearing it during my usual daily activities. And the size is just right--large enough to be attention-getting, but not so large that it's gaudy. Very glad I got it! <end>  pretty  it will dwarf anything else on your hand, wrist, or other hand, so you ought to wear it alone. very pretty, though, and inexpensive. lots of fun <end>  Very Nice Ring for the Price!  Just loved the ring! Very nice for the price and my Granddaughter just loved it too! I'll have to order her one too. She has a Birthday coming up soon! <end>  A beautiful ring  I have mixed experience with my previous purchases from this company but this one is great. I don't know if I can wear it at work as the ring is kind of bigger and definitely noticeable but it is really beautiful. I simply feel happy when I wear it. <end>  Love this ring  This is a great ring. Very pretty and very feminine. It looks expensive but was reasonably priced and of good quality. I got so many comments on it. It is definitely a stand out ring. <end>  Very prety ring  This is just very very pretty ring, the flower is a bit big for my small hands, but very elegant yet very pretty !! This don't look strange at all even it oversizes my finger, perfect for summer I believe ! <end>
 B000MQ9BMK  Sterling Silver Crystal and Abalones Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Lovely earrings  Nice quality, the colors are very pretty just as you see on line. They match the necklace I bought perfectly. I can't wait to wear them, perfect holiday accessory. <end>
 B000MQH8TS  1.25 Carats Marquise Cut Genuine London Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  Tasteful and lovely  I purchased this ring, along with my wife, for our daughter's December birthday. The stone is lovely. The setting is unique and the size of the ring makes it a tasteful addition to anyone's jewelry collection.We were especially pleased with the color and clarity of the London Blue stone, as it is deeper and of a richer tone than the usual blue topaz. <end>
 B000MQJ1XE  2.00 Carats Princess Cut Genuine London Blue Topaz Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  Love!  I used to not be able to wear rings because I was allergic to the nickle but I found sterling silver to be just fine. Me, being the person that never really enjoyed jewelry very much. This ring is so much better when looking at it on your finger than online!! Although it's very pretty online It's not to big and it's modern! The blue is absolutely georgous and the design is great. I love it so very much, I don't think I'll ever take it off. <end>  great ring - I wear it daily  The ring is beautiful and is worn now for about a month. the metal is still shiny but I need to clean the stone. It's well worth every penny and then some. <end>
 B000MQJ1ZW  1.75 Carats Princess Cut Genuine Peridot Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Ring ||	  Beautiful ring! Lots of compliments!  This ring is absolutely beautiful. I get lots of compliments on this ring. It looks even better on your hand! Quick shipping and I acutally bought the wrong size and returning was easy for exchange. <end>
 B000MQJOOU  1.00 Carat Genuine Round Garnet Cross Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Pendant Necklace ||	  Excellent buy  Bought this for my daughter's birthday, couldn't have been happier with the item, just what we were looking for. Just as described/pictured, extremely fast shipping. Highly recommend this vendor. <end>
 B000MQKJIU  Pair of Glass Single Flared Eyelets  4g Crystal ||	  Great eyelets!  I love these eyelets, they are great for a new stretch and are very easy to sleep in. <end>
 B000MQUEXU  Sterling Silver Multi Faceted Crystals Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Great size  Usually things are smaller than they look in the pictures, however these earrings are just the right size. I first bought them for me, but when my mother saw them she told me to buy the same earrings for her. Now, she has a very exquisite taste for jewelry, so I felt reassured in purchasing them. Great color, very sparkly and not as dark as they look. <end>
 B000MR6KQY  Cartouche Pendant - Made in Egypt - with "PEACE" in Hieroglyphics - Open Style ||	  Good quality, pretty piece  I wear this cartouche often. It is pretty and has a nice feel to it. This cartouche is a good quality, thick piece. I have 2 other cartouches (one silver, one gold), purchased in Cairo, that are much thinner. This one is especially pretty with the gold on the silver and I like the idea of wearing the word "peace". <end>  beautiful piece  love the item. the hyroglyphs are very detailed. very pleased. exactly what i was looking for. <end>
 B000MS2594  Amber Floral Murano Glass Heart Bracelet ||	  Pretty glass hearts  Such a cute little heart bracelet; I like it a lot. The color is beautiful and unusual. <end>
 B000MSTYG6  14K White Gold 1/4 ct. Baguette and Princess Cut Diamond Invisible Set Cross Pendant with Chain ||	  Beautiful Cross!  It is even more beautiful in person. I purchased it as a gift for my sister-in-law and she loved it. I ordered it on Monday, 7/30/07 at 2 30 p.m. and received it on Tuesday, 7/31/07. I called the shipper to confirm the order and he was incredibly nice. <end>
 B000MT7SF4  Made in USA ! Foaming Gem Jewelry Cleaner - Foamz (Tm) Non - Aerosol 2.5 Oz By Blitz ||	  great to take along when travelling  makes my engagement ring sparkle like it's been professionally cleaned. i take it along with me when i travel. gave it four stars only because i wish it came in an even smaller travel size that i could throw in my handbag w/o adding much bulk. <end>
 B000MUOM84  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Marquise Cut Garnet in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Girlfriend loves them!  Purchased these to match a ring I got for my girlfriend and they look great with the ring. She loves to wear them. Triangle thing is somewhat weird, but overall it is good.Update Feb. 2012  Said girlfriend is now my wife and she still wears "the trifecta" (I got her a matching Garnet ring). She gets many compliments about her earrings and they have held up very well over the last three years. I would recommend these earrings any day. Make your lady happy  ) <end>
 B000MUOM8Y  2.00 Ct.T.W. Genuine Oval Shape Swiss Blue Topaz in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  These earrings are just gorgeous. The stones are clear, with excellent blue coloring. The setting is sturdy. Honestly, I would happily pay double what these cost, they are that good. <end>
 B000MURA5Q  1.50 Ct.T.W. Genuine Oval Shape Peridot in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Nice  Very good quality, it is very dainty and the silver shines. The stone is very good quality as well.No inclusions. Will shop more. <end>
 B000MURUYM  Earrings - Fetish Turtle ||	  Not Disappointed  I have looked at these earrings for a while. I have actually developed a collection now of turtles but I only buy the ones that really catch my eye. In other words, I can be choosy. Then again why not? A person wants to know that they will make use of their purchases and these little turtles do NOT dissappoint. In other words I am very pleased. Ironically, I have had the pendant which I thought looked quite similar. Now that I went ahead and purchased the earrings they are a perfect match. The only difference is the earrings are a little larger than the pendant. If these catch your eye, give them a try. I know they should bring you satisfaction. Shipped quickly by the way. <end>  Wonderful  These look quite like their photograph. They are very colorful and you know they are turtles. I've seen them elsewhere for quite a high price and these are beautiful. <end>
 B000MUSZ3M  2.00 Ct.T.W. Genuine Oval Shape London Blue Topaz in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Earrings ||	  Beautiful with perfect color and size  I love these earrings, they were a Christmas present and I wear them often. I also received the matching ring and pendant. The london blue topaz is a wonderful color, it goes well with slate blue to teal. I love the length of these earrings, the silver is beautiful and a perfect contrast to the earrings. I get many compliments on them. <end>
 B000MUTBBW  Southwestern Style Buffalo Band Ring with Lapis, Coral, Turquoise & Malachite Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men or Women, Size 8, #10828 ||	  Gave this as a gift...  I ordered two of these rings as Christmas gifts. They were heavier than I expected them to be, not at all flimsy or cheap-looking. The inlays seemed to be of high-quality - very bright stones and flush with the silver band. I was very pleased with this item. <end>  Sterling silver buffalo ring with turquoise,coral, and lapis accents  I purchased this ring as a gift for my husband. Very masculine looking ring with a thick shank or band made of sterling silver. Nicely detailed and finished cut and polished. Makes a wonderful gift for any man who loves native american style jewelry. Black triangles add a touch of unique one of a kind look that compliments the buffalo perfectly. Weight is heavier than I expected and although S&H a bit pricey 7.95. Shipped Fed Ex and will arrive in time for the holidays. <end>  Excellent Quality  A customer review convinced me to purchase this Buffalo ring, and I'm very pleased. This ring is top notch in looks, feel, design and the rich colors of the stones are outstanding. The stones are very flush with the band so nothing irrates the finger when the band turns around. I was very impressed with how quickly the ring arrived. So much care went into packing the ring that it took awhile to finally get to the small box inside. That's the good news. The bad news  I am going to be greatly tempted to purchase more items from Taos Trading Jewelry in the near future! <end>  Exceptional Ring  I purchased this ring becuase of the unique design shown and the description. The ring was delivered in a timely manner and met all of my expectations. The ring fit perfectly and I'm very pleased. I have received numerous compliments on the ring. <end>  Lovely ring  Beautiful color and lovely silver ring. The band had a nice weight and thickness to it. It runs just a bit small so consider that when you size it. I absolutely love the ring, it's very comfortable and I wear it every day. I'm a woman and I think it works well as a man's or women's ring <end>  Beautiful ring. Great customer service.  This ring is beautiful and well made, it is worth the price and more. I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price. What is better is the customer service was outstanding. In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review. But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too. <end>  great ring!!  I ordered this for my husband. It is beautiful, well-made, unusual. He loved it!! <end>
 B000MV4TG8  Signature 10&#x0027;&#x0027; Open Heart Station Anklet ||	  It,s was OK  Their were to many hearts and they were to close together for me, I would want somethings different in next orders. <end>  great product for the price  this is a really nice anklet, the hearts are simpler than the picture shows, but I really like it, and I wear it every day. <end>  Great product Great price  This anklet is a good length and it arrived very very promptly. Nice silver cut - not too fine. It was a gift, and the recipient loved it. <end>  Anklet  I love it, it has not broken and I wear it everyday. It looks so dainty and feminine. <end>  broken  How can I review something was broken when I got it.And having hard time getting it replace or get it chargeback to my account. So you can put this in review I don'tcare I'm upset cause I didn't open it 1st before givingit to my granddaughter for her B-day. So as you can seeUPSET GRANDMA. The reason broken is who ever pack it putit in square box , not long box they force it in the small box.MaryEllen Parr <end>  pretty but thin and delicate  I like the look of this anklet but it is very thin. As I knew would happen, it broke while I was wearing it. It is not sturdy at all and, if it gets caught on something, will snap easily. <end>  Heart anklet  Bought this anklet to wear on wedding day. Got married on beach in Jamaica and looked GREAT! Could see real well even in pic's of wedding. Love it! <end>
 B000MW5PLU  5.00 carats Oval & Round Shape London Blue Topaz Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  wow set  This set is great, the stones are big and have a beautiful color. The detail of the silver is beautiful. Overall these are big pieces, so if you're looking for a dainty set this is not for you. I love it and have received many compliments <end>  EVEN BETTER THAN I THOUGHT...  This jewelry was an excellent value; it is very, very pretty and it worked just beautifully for the formal function for which I ordered it. The only thing that kept me from giving it five stars is that I did have to buy a different chain for the necklace. I hope to have many more occasions to wear this set. <end>
 B000MW8NG4  2.00 carats Marquise Shape Amethyst Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful  This was even better than I expected it to be. I would have liked the chain to be a little heavier but for the price, it is really nice. It was a big hit with my mother, as it was a gift for her. <end>
 B000MW8NI2  Marquise Shape Sapphire Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful color  The color of the sapphires is deep and rich. The settings are sturdy and bright. The timeliness of shipment was impressive -- two days! <end>
 B000MW8NTQ  3.50 carats Oval & Round Shape Citrine Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Citrine set  I was surprised to see that this was shipped so soon; I had it within three days of ordering it. The silverwork is amazing, and the citrines themselves (which are a rich, deep honey color) make this set stunning. It's even better than the pictures make it out to be. It makes an elegant statement and dresses up any outfit well. In my opinion, it is worth the money. <end>
 B000MWAKHO  Oval Shape Ruby Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Pretty nice looking, but nothing spectacular...  It looked pretty good, but wasn't quite what I expected. The stone was more pinkish than I expected, but I guess that is normal for a ruby sometimes. I was expecting a dark red. <end>  Great necklace and earing set  This is a very pretty necklace and earing set. Great value for the money I paid. <end>
 B000MWAKVK  3.50 carats Oval Shape Peridot Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very pretty earring/pendant set  The items, purchased as a gift, arrived on time & in great condition. They were larger than I anticipated they would be, but were very pretty & appeared well-made.The peridot were bright & well cut. The silver was delicate-looking but not flimsy at all. <end>  Peridot Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver  Bought this set for my 14 year old grand daughters birthday. The set is beautiful and she loved it. <end>
 B000MWAKW4  4.25 carats Oval Shape London Blue Topaz Pendant Earrings Set in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful Jewelery  I love the set! For the price it was more than I expected. Great Job! <end>
 B000MWBUUA  Clemson Earrings ||	  Great earrings!  These are great. I work at Clemson and get lots of comments on them. They are a little larger than I expected - but still very nice. <end>
 B000MWEGFQ  14k White Gold Diamond NYC World Trade Center Skyline Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Lovely memento.  Beautiful charm. A nice memento to remind me of the offices we once had at WTC. <end>
 B000MWGB9K  14k White Gold Diamond Frog Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Very nice charm, but concave on the back.  For the price, it would have been nice for it to have been 3-D. It's nice sized and very pretty, but feels a bit flimsy. This is a review, not a complaint. If I had to do it over again, I'd buy this charm...I'd just have been happier to have gotten it at a lower price. <end>
 B000MWGBH2  14k White Gold Diamond Sailboat Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Beautiful  I was looking for a sailboat that would be big enough to show detail, but not so big as to overwhelm the other charms on the bracelet. This one fit the bill. It's sparkly without being overly gaudy. Good quality. <end>
 B000MWGD0M  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "S" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  14K YELLOW GOLD DIAMOND INITIAL "S" CHARM (1/10 CTTW)  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "S" Charm (1/10 cttw), WHICH I COULD ONLY FIND IN "AMAZON COLLECTION" UNDER JEWELRY. I'M VERY SATISFIED WITH PURCHASE, SO, MUCH SO THAT I PURCHASED THE LETTERS "A" AND "P". WHICH ARE THE THREE INITIALS IN MY NAME DISPLAYED ON A CUSTOM MADE CHARM HOLDER. <end>
 B000MWHGAS  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Heart Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  It's small but big!  A litle on the small size but, it really looks nice on my bracelet. Even though abit small...It stands out above most of my other charms! I am glad I made the purchase! <end>
 B000MWHGBW  14k Yellow Gold Diamond "Love" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Very poor quality diamonds--dull and chipped!  I also owned 2 other pendants from Amazon.com, 14k white gold diamond key to my heart and 14k white gold diamond wishbone, both have small(total of .12 carats) and quality G-H color diamonds. Compared to those two pendants, this charm's diamonds are poor in quality--chipped and dull.I returned it almost immediately. <end>
 B000MWHHRK  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Cruise Ship Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  LOVED IT!  A group of friends from work went on a cruise almost 20 years ago. This was a hit with one of them as a birthday present. She loved the addition to her charm bracelet since it brings back good memories of all of us when we were in our 20's. It was the perfect gift because it wasn't a charm that her husband or daughter would have thought to purchase. Thanks, Amazon! <end>  Beautifully Detail Cruise Ship Charm  This charm is sturdy and beautifully detailed. It is NOT one of those hollow or cheaply stamped out charms. We are very pleased with this purchase. You can hang it on a necklace chain or charm bracelet. It is just beautiful. We gave it as a gift to commerate a birthday cruise and my sister loved it. <end>
 B000MWJG60  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Initial "T" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  not quite as pictured  This charm fits the size description but when you actually see it in person, the diamonds are just specks in the charm and not at all how they appear to be in the photo. I'm glad I only paid a cheap price for it or I would have sent it back. <end>
 B000MX1I38  Sterling Silver Created Ruby Circle Pendant Necklace w/18" Chain ||	  People are right...  It's true what they all say... the stones ARE pink, NOT red. seeing as though i am obsessed w/ red to the point where its not normal. i of course i HAD to have this.but even though it IS pink. its still VERY pretty and i will wear it often.also its big enough to be noticed but not TOO big so that it could double as a hula hoop.all in all a very beautiful piece, but be warned that it is NOT red. its PINK. <end>  Wow!  This is an excellent value! The pendant is surprisingly large and I've received several compliments on it. It wears well with just about anything from casual to dressy. I'm also amazed that it's possible to get a genuine ruby necklace for only $25. My only complaint is the stones are distinctly more pink and less red than the product photo. <end>  Arrived on time and is very pretty. Was thrilled!  Thrilled with the product and service. <end>  Color is pink, not red ruby.  If your looking to get this as a "birthstone" gift for someone dont...its way more pink than red. While its a great piece I got it for someone for a birthday present and there birthstone is ruby well that went out the window when it arrived its so pink I honestly dont think they will even know its rubys...unless I tell them. So I dont event know if I will give it to them or return it. <end>  Great, but pink  This was a well worth money.The pendant is very sturdy, however the chain is not. Very very fragile. I'm thinking of buying another.The pink color is not was I expected, but anyway it's still pretty. <end>  Call it a pink Sapphire or pink Ruby, it's still very nice  This is a very nice piece, and is definately pink. For those concerned about that, let me give you a short lesson in mineralogy - a ruby is nothing more than a red sapphire, and it is only tradition that has us calling it a ruby. Sapphires come in every color of the rainbow, and only the dark red ones have a common name (ruby) other than sapphire. The pink ones are more commonly called pink sapphires in the US, tho I have also seen them called pink rubies. End of lecture.The chain is reasonably sturdy, and should hold up to reasonably careful handling, and the setting is well made. <end>  WOW!!  I love this pendant. It is very delicate and pretty. The ruby within this pendant was red for me. The diameter of the ring will fit a person who has a size 8 ring finger. The pendant is not as large as in the picture. But it is worth it because it is so well made. <end>
 B000MX3SQI  14k White Gold Diamond Key Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  As shown  The charm was as shown too small for me I gave it to my daugther she loved it <end>
 B000MX5ZSW  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Medical Symbol Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  Very Beautiful  This charm is gorgeous! I was very pleased with the quality of the diamonds. Though they are small, they sparkle and are easy to see. The only down side is that the back is not engravable with medical information. But it surely will catch the eye of emergency personnel due to its beauty, and they will know to look for info in your purse. It is VERY well worth the price. I highly recommend. <end>  disappointing  The picture of this looks great, but in person the chips are microscopic. In fact, they are almost invisible. It's a cute charm for a bracelet, but that's about all. As jewelry, or the perception of jewelry, forget it. <end>
 B000MX96KA  14k White Gold Diamond Pacifier Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  really cute  The overall look of the charm is great, really sweet. I only wish it was not hallow and flat on the back side of the charm. I do love the hook closure makes it fun and easy to move them around on your charm bracelet or place it onto a necklace. Most charms do not have this type of closure. It makes for a great gift. <end>
 B000MXB6WQ  14k White Gold Diamond Initial "A" Charm (1/10 cttw) ||	  A diamond intial  The product was great and I wear it all the time and I got it in record time. <end>
 B000MXMP30  Fall Leaf Brown/Orange Classic Enamel, Italian Charm by Nomination Charms ||	  Fall oak leaf  Liked fine. But this product is "going out of style" it appears and is being replaced by other add on bracelets. Quality was fine and better that the cheap knock-offs. <end>
 B000MXQP2W  Candy Corn Mix Halloween Classic Enamel, Italian Charm by Nomination Charms ||	  Still collecting Nominations charms  I don't know too many people who continue to be Nominations charm collectors but my daughter still loves them. The candy corn link is brilliant in color and is a great addition to her fall and halloween collection. Precious Accents is a terrific merchant. I had my order in about two days which excellent in my book. Plus they have a huge selection so I was able to order several for the same shipping charge. <end>
 B000MZKQ7A  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Pearl Earrings 6.5-7mm White Pearls with Silver Mount ||	  Perfect!  These earrings are exactly as described. They are beautiful and have incredible luster. These will be my only pair of earrings, and I'll wear them every single day, so it was important to me that they be just right, and they are! <end>  Gorgeous  These pearls are absolutley gorgeous. The backs stay on and they are not too big. Light and classy and they come with a certificate of appraisal. Great value and beutiful. <end>  Girlfriend loves them  I guess these are not super fancy pearls but my girlfriend doesn't seem to mind. She wears them all the time and not just when I'm around haha. <end>
 B000MZKQ84  AugustinaJewelry Single Strand 18 Inch 8MM Black Shell Pearl Necklace ||	  Poor product -  This is my 3rd pearls that I have ordered through Amazon and each one I have returned including this one. The item is flawed and not perfectly rounded - returned this too! <end>
 B000N1KOFW  Naruto  Shuriken Throwing Star Anime Cosplay Necklace ||	  Great cosplay necklace  Wore this to a convention loved it and it looked great!! It's a year later and it's discolored now but it lasted a good 6 months before it did that. <end>
 B000N29RPE  14k Yellow Gold Diamond Channel-Set Ring (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  yellow gold diamond ring  product arrived in good conditon and in good time. I have no complains and would recommend this supplier. <end>
 B000N3IIIU  Hand-knotted Adjustable Jade Gourd (Hu Lu) Necklace ||	  not like the jade in photo  The color and quality of the jade is not as pretty as in the photo, also not polished well. I'm kind of disappointed. <end>
 B000N48YHO  Sterling Silver Twisted Wire Heart Shaped Link 7.5in Bracelet ||	  Delicate Hearts of Silver  I love the bracelet though it is somewhat delicate and you must be careful when wearing it. It was sent in a timely manner, so the service with this item was great. <end>
 B000N53APE  10k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Diamond Pendant (1/8 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  disappointed  I found the pendant to be much smaller than it appeared on the web site. The chain was also in a knot when it arrived so I was never able to even try it on. <end>  Very pretty  but also very dainty. I am surprised anyone would make jewelry on a chain as tiny as this one, but it is a very pretty necklace. Just tiny. <end>  Very nice surprise  It got here fast. Not only that, it was just as decribed online. I love it! <end>
 B000N551KQ  10k White Gold 3-Stone Diamond Earrings (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Small and comfortable, great for every day  A bit smaller than i though but they are super comfortable. I wear them every day, sleep with them and leave them on when playing sports without worrying. I'd call them "cute" <end>  Cute  These little earrings are very cute, they were what I expected. I wanted a pair that would work with some other diamond studs I have. I believe the two together will create a very nice look. <end>  small but pretty  Arrived timely, a bit smaller than I had envisioned but beautiful and comfortable to wear. <end>
 B000N58GGM  10k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Diamond Earrings (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Dainty Diamonds  These are dainty and somewhat small but lovely to wear to work. Diamonds are a nice, clear quality. <end>  Diamond Earrings  These are so danty and comfortable to wear. Was an excellent price as well. Thanks for the offer! <end>
 B000N5DGBM  Indianapolis Colts 5-Charm Bracelet ||	  The charms were different than shown.  I was a little disappointed that the charms were different than shown. There was not a helmet nor horseshoe as shown. There were two charms with solid white and the colts horseshoe in blue. <end>
 B000N5OSL4  7mm Wide Woven Style Tri-Color 14 Karat Gold Wedding Band Ring ||	  Outstanding  I've had this ring for a year now. So unique, high quality craftsmanship, good width and weight. The interwoven tri-colors are amazing to look at to this day. If you look at image closely, an outer ring is yellow gold, a thinner inner ring is white gold and innermost ring is the overlapping gold/white/rose gold. Truly outstanding! <end>
 B000N5Z8XQ  14k White Gold Diamond Circle Pendant (.05 ct, I-J Color, I2 Clarity) ||	  Much smaller than it appears...  I ended up returning this immediately after receiving it. Chain was not length described and the pendant was TINY. I didn't order this, but it was a gift, but we both agreed it wasn't worth what was paid. I think it would be beautiful for a child...but quite small for an adult. <end>
 B000N5ZU4I  14k White Gold Diamond Heart Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Beautiful just as described  The item arrived with an authenticity certificate.Beautiful white gold shine and diamond was securily set. <end>  Small diamond, but ring is nice.  I purchased this ring about a year ago in the white gold and have worn it daily since. The diamond is tiny and doesn't stand out much, but for the price it's a nice enough ring. When I received the ring the white gold was shiny and bright.Now, a year later, the white gold plating has worn off and the ring has a very noticeable yellow tinge. Just a thought when purchasing white gold rings, plan to save money to have the ring replated because it won't stay white forever. <end>  Love this ring!  I love this ring! It was very reasonably priced, and is very cute. I bought it for myself for my birthday, and I wear it every day! Perfect gift or just to treat yourself <end>  Just what Ive been looking for!  I had been searching for an open heart ring in white gold for quite along time before I came across this ring! I even went into a jewelry store to see what it would cost to make one. It was ridiculous! So one day I searched through amazon and found this lovely ring. At first I just wanted a plain open heart ring, I never thought of a diamond accent. Well it ended up I purchased it on sale and I was surprised that the diamond accent does sparkle! I purchased this ring one year ago and I have worn it every day since. It still looks as the day I received it! I wont be surprised if it does eventually get a yellow tinge because all white gold eventually does. I am extremely happy that I found this ring! <end>  Pretty much get what you see.. A Pretty ring!  I purchased this ring as a gift for our 13 year-old niece who just became a Bat-Mitzvah. She is the girl who has EVERYTHING (tiffany jewelry, 1st diamond earrings from her parents, Vera bradley bags in every color and style, ipod, cell phone- you name it she has it) My point is that she was very hard to shop for and I didn't just want to give her cash. I wanted her to have something that she'd always remember we gave to her.I searched for MONTHS (3 to be exact, and some items were just too mature looking, others were way out of my price range and other items seemed like they might be too cheap (as in the lack of quality). This ring in white gold is an outstanding value compared to what I could find at a local jeweler. I wanted white gold, and thought a heart would be appropriate. Well, I couldn't touch anything like this for under $350 discounted at the jewelry store, so I immediately came home after looking, and purchased this ring.The white gold looks stunning and it won't tarnish like silver. I didn't expect a 13 year-old girl, to actually use a polish cloth. So silver was OUT (which is what the lovely clerks at the store kept trying to sell me, because my price limit was $150-$170 MAX.) The size 5 fit her ring finger perfect, and from the second she opened it- she put it on- and I could tell she loved it and felt like a mature young lady.The diamond is small-but surprisingly sparkly- so don't expect a miracle in a $149 ring that is 14K white gold! Given the size, I would really give the review 4.5 stars, but like I said, you get what you pay for, and so, at this price, it is a 5 star ring well worth it. What you are paying for is the white gold (not the diamond) which isn't thin looking. The ring, in my opinion looks and feels solid.While I did buy this for a teen- I would wear it too. I love hearts, and think it is really an adorable ring for the money. <end>  returned  I got this as a gift but returned it when I saw it. The diamond had a very flat top and was sunk so far down that it was barely visible. The gold seemed good but the diamond ruined the ring. <end>
 B000N62HL6  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Bridal Set (1/10 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  BEAUTIFULL  THE MOMENT I SAW THIS SET ON YOUR SITE, I THOUGHT IT WAS BEAUTIFULL. WE ARE GETTING MARRIED NEXT YEAR, SO I PURCHASED IT AND I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED IN IT'S BEAUTY. <end>  Gorgeous!  My husband bought this set for me after 3 years of being married. The set is absolutely gorgeous. The diamonds are small, but the ring would look strange if they were any bigger. I love this set. <end>  diamond bridal set  I purchased this bridal set for my wife about a week ago ,and she loves it. If you want to get something special for your wife,I would recommend you buy this bridal set. It will make her very happy! <end>  Nice But Small....  It's a pretty ring. Has good color and a nice design. However the Diamonds are a lot smaller in person then the picture shows. In the future I might think of going just a bit higher in price for a bigger and nicer stone. <end>
 B000N62XL0  The Little Box of Crocheted Bags (Little Box Of...) ||	  Interesting and useful formate, design inspiration  While I was not entirely thrilled with the choices of color or texture for many of the bags, I still felt their physical designs were useful and inspirational. Although the book is actually intended for practitioners of crochet, the line drawings would easily suggest amendments that could make them useable for knitting as well.The most innovative thing about the "book" is that it isn't one. The format is that of a box containing individual, plastisized folded cards, each displaying a pattern and its instructions. I found this a useful facet, since I enjoy taking my handwork when I go to work or if I expect to wait anywhere for a while. The light weight cards mean one doesn't have to carry a book or magazine with one. The coating on the cards also means that the patterns are safe from crumpling, water damage, and sticky fingers, something I was especially impressed with since often my loose leaf patterns get a little beat up even in plastic sleeves.For those of you who like beading, take note of some of the handles. While most of those displayed are commercial handles, there is no reason one could not produce the same results with beads in glass, metal, ceramics, stone or bone. You might use one of the bags to showcase your handiwork in beading.Button enthusiasts might also use one of the bags to display their favorites. My mother had a set of 5 ivory buttons with sculpted faces on them that my father purchased for her in Japan in 1952. I have since inherited them, and I've wanted a way to show them off. I've plans to create a handbag and display it with the buttons in a shadow box.One of the bags is composed of simple granny squares, but those of you who are big into crocheted afghans may have designs you like better with which to construct that particular bag. There are tons of crocheted block designs out there with which to experiment and no reason why the bag could not be constructed of them, so experiment and see what you come up with.An interesting and useful formate with inspiring ideas to create truely individual hand bags. <end>  Love the Little Box series!  I love the patterns in this series, but the choices of yarn are sometimes questionable. That's easily resolved if you can see past what the pattern really is. It's great for travel as you can bring a card and go. I really like this entire series in this format. I earn a living making purses and I highly recommend these patterns. <end>  interesting crochet  I buy everything by this author and have noticed that she is an excellent crocheter as well as knitter. My first impression of this book was poor but then on looking into the patterns for each bag, I began to see some very innovative designs. I can't use most of the yarns called for (Lion) and also can't felt on my side loading washing machine and this rules out quite a few of the bags. But her techniques are worth exploring perhaps in other projects then the ones in this book. Several use Tunisian crochet. Instead of lining she calls for plastic canvas mesh. She gives instruction for twisted cord on several of the handles. The dancing diamonds felted tote is made with a double-ended hook. Magic miters felted tote is the nicest one (bottom left on front). I also like the pink evening bag on the bottom right. Of all the crocheted bag books this is definitely the most unusual. <end>  The very little box of crocheted bags  The patterns were not as "fashion forward" as I would have hoped them to be. <end>
 B000N6380A  14k White Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N64IO0  DeGruchy Square Amethyst Ring (size  8) ||	  This ring is beautiful!  This ring is beautiful and unique! Very heavy and medieval looking. The amethyst is deep purple. I have received many compliments and can hardly bear to take it off, and I have many rings. This will be my favorite. DeGruchy is an artist. <end>
 B000N64X4U  10k White Gold Diamond Dangle Earrings (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Don't do it  The earring is so small they look like baby earrings. I bought them for my grandma who loves everything. But this she said send them back. Not worth the money. <end>
 B000N64YR6  10k White Gold Round Cluster Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Nice size, doesn't sparkle  I asked for this ring for my birthday because my friend has the same design and its gorgeous on her. When it arrived, I was extremely disappointed. The sizes of the stones were fine, a little on the small side, but the imperfections were obvious even to my untrained eye. The most disappointing thing was that it just didn't sparkle even in the sunlight. I was wearing a diamond band from Costco and it sparkles beautifully. There was an article on CNN about the differences between purchasing diamonds from Costco & Tiffany's and the conclusion was that you do get quality diamonds from Costco and its well worth it. At least with Costco, you can see the diamonds before hand. I love Amazon but I strongly don't recommend it for jewels. You just don't know what you're getting no matter how many reviews you read. <end>  Beatiful ring  I bought this ring to my mother. It was great, wonderful. Stones shine incredibly. The price was very low. I recommend you to buy it. <end>
 B000N64YRQ  10k White Gold Round Cluster Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Nice size, doesn't sparkle  I asked for this ring for my birthday because my friend has the same design and its gorgeous on her. When it arrived, I was extremely disappointed. The sizes of the stones were fine, a little on the small side, but the imperfections were obvious even to my untrained eye. The most disappointing thing was that it just didn't sparkle even in the sunlight. I was wearing a diamond band from Costco and it sparkles beautifully. There was an article on CNN about the differences between purchasing diamonds from Costco & Tiffany's and the conclusion was that you do get quality diamonds from Costco and its well worth it. At least with Costco, you can see the diamonds before hand. I love Amazon but I strongly don't recommend it for jewels. You just don't know what you're getting no matter how many reviews you read. <end>  Beatiful ring  I bought this ring to my mother. It was great, wonderful. Stones shine incredibly. The price was very low. I recommend you to buy it. <end>
 B000N6515A  14k White Gold Diamond Dangle Heart "Mom" Ring (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS  WHEN I SAW THIS RING ON AMAZON.COM I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE HEART JEWERLY. ONCE I RECEIVED THIS RING I WAS SO GLAD THAT I HAD ORDERED IT. THIS RING IS VERY ELEGANT. I JUST LOVE MY DANGLE HEART BAND RING WITH THE DIAMONDS SPARKLING, OOO...SO NICE. GREAT BUY ALSO. <end>  chic little firecracker  What a great little sparkler. I bought this ring for my middle finger. The ring is well made and well thought out. Although it's a small ring and better suited for a lady with petite hands, the diamonds are clear and a great value for the price. The photo shows that the ring appears to have a high profile. Not so in person, it's all well balanced. If you are expecting a larger ring with a larger heart and big diamonds, then it's not the ring for you. If you expect a diminutive small diamond ring with a lot of fire, then buy it. I think it really looks best on a middle finger and it's true to size. <end>
 B000N6517I  14k White Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 8 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N66QL8  14k Rose Gold Diamond Butterfly Ring (0.05 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Beautiful ring  I love the simplicity of this beautiful ring. It's stunning. This was the first piece of jewelry I have ever ordered online and I was not disappointed. <end>  Butterfly Ring  I bought this ring for my daughter for her high school graduation, it is very pretty but small. I thought from the picture it would be larger? My daughter loved it so I guess all is well, but I think that these rings should be shown at actual size. <end>
 B000N6AQ4G  14k White Gold Diamond Dangle Heart "Mom" Ring (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 8 ||	  ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS  WHEN I SAW THIS RING ON AMAZON.COM I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT.I LOVE HEART JEWERLY. ONCE I RECEIVED THIS RING I WAS SO GLAD THAT I HAD ORDERED IT. THIS RING IS VERY ELEGANT. I JUST LOVE MY DANGLE HEART BAND RING WITH THE DIAMONDS SPARKLING, OOO...SO NICE. GREAT BUY ALSO. <end>  chic little firecracker  What a great little sparkler. I bought this ring for my middle finger. The ring is well made and well thought out. Although it's a small ring and better suited for a lady with petite hands, the diamonds are clear and a great value for the price. The photo shows that the ring appears to have a high profile. Not so in person, it's all well balanced. If you are expecting a larger ring with a larger heart and big diamonds, then it's not the ring for you. If you expect a diminutive small diamond ring with a lot of fire, then buy it. I think it really looks best on a middle finger and it's true to size. <end>
 B000N9DOVK  10k White Gold Diamond Bangle (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Great Item!  I bought this for my wife and what a nice little item. She wears it all the time. I highly recommend this for anyone shopping for one! 10/10 on this product. Happy shopping! <end>
 B000NCLF0Y  Two Tone Prominent Men's Diamond Ring ||	  nice ring  The ring is beautiful even if stones are small and my daugher's fiance loved. Fast shipping <end>
 B000NDZWWA  Amazon.com  Stork Pins, Expecting a Boy  Clothing ||	  Perfect!  My grandson was in a hurry to meet his Mommy face to face and was actually born before the baby shower. This was perfect for my daughter to proudly wear at the shower. Very nice piece! <end>  stork oin  I liked this item. i need sixteen more words before i can submit htis. now six, now four, now two <end>
 B000NE20WO  Amazon.com  Stork Pins, It&#39;s a Surprise  Clothing ||	  Perfect!  My grandson was in a hurry to meet his Mommy face to face and was actually born before the baby shower. This was perfect for my daughter to proudly wear at the shower. Very nice piece! <end>  stork oin  I liked this item. i need sixteen more words before i can submit htis. now six, now four, now two <end>
 B000NG5L3C  Multi Color Swarovski Crystal Three Strand Bracelet ||	  beautiful!  The bracelets look more beautiful than in the picture! The crystals are just great! And the package is wonderful! 5 stars from me <end>  A little disappointed  I have to say that I am disappointed with this one. I now own about 6 Swarovski bracelets and this one is just as nice as the others but I bought it thinking it was a three/twisted bracelet. It comes as three separate bracelets and I suppose you can twist them together but I thought from the photo that they came that way. So I am giving them less stars in the rating just because it's 3 separate bracelets. <end>
 B000NGFPN8  Ladies drop earring - tahitian blue ||	  cheap metal  I have to say that the crystal is a beautiful color and well represented by the picture. I was expecting sterling silver (especially for this price) but it looks like nickel. I am returning them because of the metal. <end>
 B000NGJ2N2  Sterling Silver Epoxy Blue Baby Cup Charm ||	  nice charm  good quality product, I recomend for little presents for the people that arrive to the hospital when you baby born <end>
 B000NGJ3QS  Sterling Silver Black Simulated Diamond Peace-Sign Pendant, 18" ||	  Love it!  Very small, but very pretty. I wear it often  ) I get many compliments on it as well. <end>  Brilliant sparkle, that won't go unnoticed!  I was recently looking at some black CZ jewelry at a local retail store. I was not impressed! The stones appeared dull and almost opaque, like black onyx, with none of the sparkle you would expect from something called a 'diamond'. In fact, real black diamonds are frequently not very reflective, either, as they absorb light, unlike white diamonds. So, I was not expecting much from this inexpensive pendant.When I opened the box, I was pleasantly surprised. While this little pendant is slightly smaller than a dime, it will NOT go unnoticed. The stones are well set, substantial in number, and they reflect the light, brilliantly. They look like you would imagine black diamonds should appear, rich and eye-catching.The hidden bail at the back is large enough to take a good sized chain, ribbon, cord, or any other type of attachment. The chain that comes with it is very delicate, and I've already replaced it with a nice snake chain, for an overall richer appearance.I can see this becoming one of my favorite go-to pendants, and I know it will draw many comments. The peace sign symbolism has no age limit, so it's appropriate for all ages, but I bet your favorite teen would LOVE one of these in her Christmas stocking. Because of the sparkle, she could dress it up, or down, to her fancy. It's truly a fun piece! <end>  peace on earth  Always loved the peace symbol in jewelry.. have been wearing it since about 1969 in different forms.I bought this as a Christmas gift for myself and for the price did not expect anything special. It looks much nicer than its picture, and I have had nice compliments on it, especially when worn over a light color.Very satisfied with my purchase. <end>  Unique  Beautiful and unique looking petite pendant. It wasn't what I expected. I assumed the stones would be "puffed up" and sitting away from the setting. The silver setting and prongs are more obvious than photographed, but the intense sparkle and irridescent glow of the blacks stones are what capture's your eyes. The stones are set flush in the setting...almost inlayed...it's a true Peace Sign logo. As small as the stones are, they are still cut like black diamonds. The have that large surface table that allows the stones to absorb and then "bounce back" light. This pendant definitely has that diamond sparkle. No one will mistake this for onyx.As my fellow reveiwer stated, a black ribbon would be great with this. I would like a black leather cord, too. I placed mine on a diamond cut, sterling, snake chain that I purchased from Gem Avenue, but will definitely get a satin ribbon for a change up. Then pendent comes with a decent and basic link chain.The pendent certainly is petite, but is captures attention. It's a unique twist on Peace Sign jewelry. It can easily be worn with anything.The seller, PriceRock, has a pair of black CZ stud earrings that goes very well with this pendent. They're under 20. and the have that same rich black color with that same irridescent sparkle and shine. I believe those black CZ earrings are the only pair of black CZ's PriceRock sells.UPDATE  As of this update, Amazon jewelry collection is selling a sterling silver diamond cut sparkle chain....in black rhodium. It's 15 bucks and absolutely perfect for this pendant. <end>  great peice  The Peace Sign is very small but doesnt take away from the "WOW" factor of this necklace. The stones really "glitter" and catch the light. I was not disappointed at all. Fast delivery. I would order this again. Very Pretty <end>  Child of the Sixties  I read all the reviews on this pendant, bought it myself and LOVE IT! I even left it on the delicate chain it came with as it makes the black peace sign stand out all on it's own. I wanted to purchase this in the green (one of my favorite colors) but after reading the reviews that stated how well the black zirconia made the piece stand out I changed my mind. It looks expensive and was a bargain price wise. <end>  Sterling Silver Black Cubic Zirconia Peace-Sign Pendant, 18"  I received the necklace in time for Christmas, it was smaller than I expected, however, it was sized appropriately for my granddaughter. She was very please with her gift. <end>  Very Nice!  The other reviews helped me decide to purchase this item. I was not disappointed. I am pleased with the quality, and particularly like the large bale on the back that enables you to use a thicker chain. <end>
 B000NGKKFG  Sterling Silver Enamel Pink Baby Cup Charm ||	  Charm  This was a nice item for my charm bracelet, to symbolize that I had a baby girl. <end>
 B000NGKKVU  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Multi-Gemstone Floral Ring ||	  Multistone Jewelry Fans  This multistone ring is pretty and I bought it to complete my set. I already have a multistone bracelet, earrings and necklace. It looks fine alone, but when you compare it to other pieces of multistone jewelry, the stones are not as colorful as they appear in the picture. Maybe I just got one that wasn't as colorful because it was on sale. I'm not really sure if these are available as "seconds" or not. All I know is that the green and yellow stones are especially hard to see and the other stones shown are much lighter than they appear in this picture. I guess you really do get what you pay for! <end>  Surprising delight!  Like others have reported, the ring size was not accurate. I loved the look of this ring to match some earrings my husband bought me. I used a the old string guide to figure my size and contemplated not even ordering since the size i thought i needed was unavailable i was was sure I'd have to enlarge the size, but ordered it anyway and it fit perfectly! It is a large ring so if you have small hands, you might want to reconsider. It is really beautiful and the price amazing. As long as it holds up, what a deal. Probably not a ring to wear every day...only giving it 4 stars because of the inaccurate sizing. <end>  I returned the ring because one of the stones fell out  When I spoke with the seller I returned the ring postage paid by the seller and requested a replacement ring. One of the rings prongs was loose and that is why the gem fell out. I found the loose gem and returned it with the ring. The replacement ring is beautiful and just what I wanted to match my earrings, pendant, and bracelet. I like my jewelry to match in design and gemstones. This ring was perfect for me. The fit is perfect to size. I would highly recomment this seller and their products. They guarentee what they sell without the buyer having to absorb the cost of postage. <end>  I agree, the sizing is a bit erratic I guess...  I ordered a size 7 and this isn't a 7, it's some larger size, but otherwise is an attractive ring. It just can't be worn by the person intended unless we pay more $$$ to have it resized. We've ordered at least a half dozen various, other size 7 rings on amazon and other si tes, so I'd have to guess the sizing method for this specific ring isn't the most accurate.It's ended up in the "pass it on to someone else" gift pile. As I said, it's a nice ring; if you really like it and want to take your chances, go for it, but realize, there's a chance you won't get the size you're anticipating. <end>  Ring is Beautiful -- Sizing is ROTTEN  This is a beautiful ring and I get a lot of compliments when I wear it. The problem is when I ordered it, it was a gift for my mom. She wears a size 9 and I ordered a size 9. She couldn't get it on. I was very disappointed -- to say the least. I know that it is a size 8 because it fits my ring finger on my right hand. I bought her a ring from a local jeweler to replace this one. The ring is beautiful but don't rely on the sizes. <end>  lovely  I have big hands, long fingers and ordered a size 9. It's a perfect fit. I think this is a really unique, showy ring that is very flattering to my large hands and I personally love it. The blue and green stones are not as vividly colored as shown but all in all still a great value for the money. <end>  Just beautiful!  I bought this as a birthday gift for myself with some other pieces to match a bracelet I bought last year. The ring is beautifully filigreed. The stones are much larger than I thought. Great for the price. As we say around here...two thumbs up! I just bought another one for everyday wear (because of silver with gold overlay I wanted one that I can keep in perfect shape for special events). I will report back on the everyday wear of this ring. <end>  disappointed  Simply said the ring fell apart after a month's time. Felt it was poor quality espcially after stones were lost. <end>  Very pretty but big and uncomfortable to wear  I was looking at this ring for quite awhile. When it went on sale, I finally bought it. When it arrived and I took it out of the box, I was very excited - it is beautiful and stones are bright and colorful. But when I tried it on, I was somewhat disappointed. It looks chunky, not feminine at all, although it was right size. I tried it on with the matching bracelet (from Kohls) and matching earrings (from amazon). The flower on the ring is so much bigger than the flowers on the bracelet and earrings. It does not look like a set (I was confident it would). In addition, it is rough on the sides and uncomfortable to wear. I have not decided yet if I am going to keep or return it. Will look at it again tomorrow. <end>  Well Worth the Money  the ring turned out to be exactly wat the picture shows and more. my gf totally loves it.. buy buy buy! <end>  nice as expected  This was a gift to my mother, and I had it shipped directly to her, so I never saw it first hand. However, she raved about it, so I'm pleased. <end>  18K GOLD PLATED STERLING SILVER MULTI-GEMSTONE FLORAL RING  This item is very delicate looking but is definitely of very good quality. I like the way it looks. Not very wide so it is comfortable on your finger. <end>  stone missing  Regretfully, the first time I wore this ring was in December, which is beyond the return window. The first time I wore it, I looked down as I was leaving home & noticed there was a stone missing from the setting. The prongs on the ring were not pushed down very well on any of the settings. Once I noticed the missing stone, I adjusted all the other prongs. <end>
 B000NGKL50  Sterling Silver Garnet 7-Stone Ring, Size 9 ||	  Garnet is really darker then what I got  The ring itself is very pretty, delicate looking an eye catching if you have no other rings on the same hand. However, Garnet is my birthstone and I know how dark red Garnet is to be. This maybe a series of garnet stones but they are very light in color. That is my main complaint. Other then that, the ring is beautiful. <end>  Great Price and Nice Stones  This was a great price and the quality of the stones and setting is very good. The ring is very light weight and the color of the stones is exactly as depicted in the picture. My only criticism is that there are too many stones spread out on the band and cut a bit into your pinky as the ring shifts around your finger. <end>  darling garnet ring  this ring really sparkles. for a very low price, i have a cute ring that looks teriffic <end>  Not the typical "garnet" color pictured, but a beautiful ring  Like another reviewer, the stones in the ring I received were more a rose pink color than the deep red you'd expect with a garnet. That said, they were well-matched to each other (all the same pink-y shade) and I love the ring. It gives the illusion of a eternity band, but the smooth/stoneless back band makes it more comfortable than if the stones went all the way around. I especially like the high profile of the settings. Looks like it cost far more than it does. <end>  Gorgeous, fits well, stones stay put  I got this to wear daily, and even with doing dishes, soap, etc, the ring has stayed looking great for over a month now. I highly recommend it. The garnets are a little light, but very pretty. <end>  Nice ring  This is a nice, petite, ring. Color is nice and pretty. Good value for the money. <end>  Dull  The quality and the stone setting were good, but the color was dull orange-red and not very easily visible against a tanned skin tone. Not worth it, if you are expecting a deeper rich colored garnet gemstone. <end>  Nice for the price!  To be honest, I got this on Amazon's 70% off Summer Blowout, so the price was under $10. It's a pretty ring, with stones that are a deep orangey-red. It's actually very pretty, just not the true or dark red I expected. The setting goes a bit too far on either side of the ring, which can make it a tad uncomfortable to wear, as the setting itself sits a high on the finger. This means it doesn't lie flat against your finger, which is just fine as long as the setting doesn't extend to the area between your fingers. I have relatively small fingers, so perhaps it would not be an issue for larger ring sizes. Overall, I'm happy with the ring, but it won't be getting quite the wear I thought it would due to the color and fit issues. <end>  Not bad for the price  It looks almost the same as the picture shows, but the color is really orange, not red. Not bad for the price I brought. <end>  A lovely garnet silver ring  Unlike other reviewers, I do feel the picture depicts the ring pretty well. The garnet appear lighter in day light while darker indoors. The ring body is shiny and smooth. I took off one star because the stone array is a bit too wide (I realized it's partly because I ordered a small size 5. Should work better on larger sizes) <end>  7-Stone Ring  A very pretty ring, although 7 stones across seems to be a little wide. But for the price, a great buy! <end>  nice red orange fire  The review i read before i bought this ring mentioned that these garnets are not deep red, which is true. Garnets range in types and colors, and these do have a really pretty brighter kind of red - it's hard to describe - not pink, not orange, not scarlet either. The sizing was true; I am 100% satisfied with this purchase. <end>  Garnet Ring  This ring is a very good value for the money. The garnets are paler than they appear in the picture, and the ring is very thin, but I am happy with it. I have received many compliments! <end>  I didn't like it.  The garnets are pink, not a deep red like I expected. I personally don't like it. Otherwise, it is a nicely made ring. Also, I am a size 5 and the 7 stones are just too much they hit the sides of my other fingers. <end>
 B000NGKLAA  Sterling Silver Blue Topaz Bangle Bracelet ||	  Sterling blue topaz bangle  I bought four of these thinking they would be great gifts for several birthdays. They are made OK, however there is no color to the stones. I was disappointed and if I had not been traveling I would have returned them. <end>  Sterling Silver Bracelet with blue topaz  This bracelet is cheap looking and the "blue" topaz is not blue but a white color. I will never buy another piece of jewelry from you again. <end>
 B000NGKLRI  Sterling Silver Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 8 ||	  BLING!!!!  The ring is a real knock out!! I get lots of compliments and it is the bling i was looking for.The prongs are sturdy and it is made well. <end>  Dazzling  I am so happy with this purchase. This ring is gorgeous. It sparkles like the real thing. I wouldn't buy a real diamond this large, but this is a fun conversation piece. It was worth the money spent, and I hope to get years of enjoyment. <end>  great ring  very nice and large .... catches the light just right and looks great .... size was right on .... came very quick .... was np w/ the package it came in ... great ring for the price ... it looks like it cost a lot more then it does <end>  Simple and Sweet  This is a simple and rather adorable ring. I have a small frame and this ring is so big that it really stands out without distracting from my outfit. It's clean and modern looking and can be worn with just about anything. Plus, you just can't beat the price! Definitely a fun piece to add to the jewelry box!Warning  If you are looking for something that could be mistaken for real this is NOT the ring for you. <end>  Beautiful!...love it!  It's a wonderful ring, sparkling all the time, very attractive to the eye and beautifully done. It's not an everyday ring in my oppinion, because sparkles a lot, the stone is very big and well cutted and I didn't find any imperfection but it's ok for other occasions (not necessarily for special occasions!). I'm glad with this purchase and I keep the ring for myself! <end>
 B000NGKLVY  Sterling Silver Oval Cubic Zirconia Drop Pendant, 18" ||	  Shiny Baubles!  You aren't going to fool anyone that this is a diamond (unless you are really rich) because the size is unbelievable, however, who cares? If you are looking for sparkly, overindulgence, then this is a bauble for you!I personally do not care that everyone knows it is a CZ. All they will be thinking is "Dang that thing is sparkly" and that's exactly what I'm shooting for. I like sparkly things and if you put this in direct sunlight, you'd better be sporting sunglasses. A necklace like this is what parties, especially at the holidays, are all about!I LOVE IT! <end>  Simply Beautiful  I bought this for my Mother as a Mother's Day gift. I really liked the way it looked in the pictures here, but sometimes it's hard to know if an item will look as good once you have it in your hand. WELL - according to my Mother, this was absolutely and brilliantly stunning. She said the shine and sparkle from this was amazing and it was gorgeous. She said she gets compliments every time she wears it, which is frequently!If you want to send this as a gift, have no qualms about it - as long as your recipient likes shiny and sparkly. <end>
 B000NGMNBK  Sterling Silver Enamel Cow Charm ||	  What a cute cow!  This cow charm is very cute. It's tiny, but it looks like a real cow. I put the charm on a sterling silver chain, and I wear it as a necklace. The quality of this product is great. <end>  Nice  This came in a little velvet bag and was exactly what I was looking for. It appears to be of good quality and made a perfect gift for my Mother. She was pleased with it as well. <end>  Neat Little Cow Charm  I went back and forth as to if I wanted to get this charm, and you know what? I'm glad I did. He's a petite little guy measuring at about a half an inch, nicely detailed and solidly made. He also came in a box in a velvet pouch with his plastic zip lock bag folded inside the box. Wouldn't it be nice if everyone packaged that way? It's so frustraiting how some people leave out the little details. But Amazon took in all the details. It was shipped in a timely manner as well. Great purchase, great price, great charm. <end>  Very adorable charm if you into animals  Let me start off by saying ... I am a cow fanatic. Not in a sick way for you strange ppl out there.This charm is very tiny, about 1 cm in length and considering the size it's relatively detailed. Note the picture is a bit bigger than the actual item. <end>  Exactly what I wanted  I baught this cow charm to put on a necklace for my gf. It was exactly what i was looking for. She loved it. <end>  Cute  Bought this for my friend who loves anything to do with cows and she absolutely loved this item, she put it on her charm bracelet <end>  The bottom is embossed with "MADE IN CHINA"  I was embarrassed to give this to my stepmother for Christmas. I didn't realize it was embossed "MADE IN CHINA" on the bottom. I was very disappointed; it's a deal-breaking blemish on an otherwise nice piece. <end>  cow charm  just the right size, well done, very clever, a conversation charm for any bracelet, granddaughter will enjoy it, I'm sure...... <end>  Cow for necklace  The small cow is so cute. It looks very nice on a silver chain & will be a great gift for someone who likes cows. <end>  Cow charm  This is a perfect size solid charm that looks the same on either side. Silver is nicely finished and the enamel is a nice highlight. Really looks like the picture. <end>  SS enamel Cow charm well done.  wonderful and amazing. Great for charm bracelet. I've seen this for a greater cost that was not done as well. <end>
 B000NGMNIS  Sterling Silver Ruby Crab Charm ||	  Very Cute  I purchased this for my charm necklace. My son is a cancer so I wanted something to symbolize him. I gave it 4 stars only because the cuts on the stones were very uneven but I guess you get what you pay for. It is a very nice size. <end>  A pleasant find!  I am always looking for "special" things for the grandkids. My granddaughter is born in July, i.e. Cancer and rubies. This charm is just perfect for her. Love it! <end>  Beautiful item  This ruby and sterling crab charm is beautiful. I wear it on a sterling chain as a necklace and get so many compliments. It is a nice, heavy piece and just the right size. I have worn it every day since I purchased it. The rubies are clear and bright. My "sign" is Cancer so this was a birthday gift to myself. I absolutely love it. <end>  Pretty charm  I gave this as a gift and my sister loved it. I think it is a lovely charm for July birthdays and anyone who loves crabs. Great price. <end>  Good for the price  This crab charm was a great find for me - ruby is my birthstone and Cancer (the Crab) is my Zodiac sign. I've been looking for a Crab charm/pendant and also for something with rubies for a while, so this charm was perfect for me. It arrived today and I like it - it's pretty and delicate and the perfect size, I've been planning to wear it on a chain as a small pendant, and at about 1/2" long and 1/2" wide it's just the right size for that. It appears to be well-made, the silver is bright and shiny, and even though I tend to prefer antiqued silver and marcasite, I really like the look of this charm. What I don't like about it are the stones - they are incredibly dull. There's no shine to them, no spark, nothing. Then there is the color - another customer says the stones are more pinky than red, I guess the color of the stones varies from one charm to another, because mine are really dark, at first glance they appeared almost black rather than red, much, MUCH darker than pictured. Only in direct sunlight do they look red with barely noticeable hints of pink. I'm a bit dissappointed with the look and the quality of the stones, but for the price I paid I suppose it's okay. <end>  I was charmed!  I loved this crab! I bought the charm intending to give it as a gift..but I was so charmed I made a bracelet for myself! The stones are more pinky than a red. <end>  Nice  This item was very pretty, my sister really liked it and wears it every day. Good quality and timely delivery. <end>  perfect for valentines  when I saw this it was the perfect gift to get for my wife for valentines, the nine rubies are the 9 th day of the month that I proposed and the rubies are the month that I proposed to my wife, hiding the charm till valentines and can't wait to give this wonderful charm. <end>  Ruby crab charm  My ruby crab charm turned out to be a better product than I expected. I love it! The quality is exactly what I wanted. <end>  sterling silver crab charm  well worth the money! charm is a nice size, and the rubies are a beautiful color...........will show up beautifully on my granddaughter's charm bracelet and will be a nice conversation point since her grandmother and her brother are both cancer the crab sun sign........... <end>  PRETTY, but small.  Just like the picture but smaller than I wanted. I sometimes, collect various crab items, this was to add to my Granddaughter's collection. But a little too small, otherwise pretty. <end>  So adorable  Bought this as a gift for a 'crabby' friend. The charm is beautiful, much nicer in person than in the picture. Can't wait till she gets it! <end>  The perfect gift for a Cancer  My best friend, of 30+ years, is a Cancer. I'd searched for 20 years for a tiny crab charm and finally found this adorable sterling silver, ruby encrusted, crab charm. She was delighted by it; and told me she'd been looking for one since she was a teenager. <end>  Ruby Crab Charm/purchased at amazon  Beautiful Charm. Many compliments. Looks very expensive. Can be worn as a charm on a necklace or as I use it on my pandora charm bracelet. Stones are set very nicely. Would buy again. <end>
 B000NGMNJ2  Sterling Silver "Longevity" Pendant, 18" ||	  Very nice necklace  The necklace is very pretty, and my younger sister loves it. The size is nice, and the package arrived on time. <end>  Poor quality  Bought this as bridesmaids gifts and had to return this item. Item more suited for a child. Pendant ok but chain thin and of poor quality. <end>
 B000NGMO3M  Sterling Silver Peridot Pear-Shaped Pendant, 18" ||	  A pretty treat  This necklace is really pretty. The stones are a light green, and are closely, but not perfectly, matched in color all around the necklace. They really sparkle in the light. The pendant is about 1" long and about 5/8" wide at the bottom. Each stone is about 3mm diameter. The chain is very fine. I just ordered two more for the August birthdays in our family! <end>
 B000NGMORS  Sterling Silver Oval Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 7 ||	  Cocktail Ring  I was expecting a less than perfect ring for the price. To my amazement and joy.......it is FABULOUS! And HUGE! I am VERY pleased! <end>  Outrageous, but fun  This is faux jewelry at its finest. While no one is ever going to believe this is the "real thing," the workmanship is excellent. That is, the setting of the small cubics around the big stone (which is fabulously brilliant) is meticulously, and impeccably done. The small stones have great shine as well. The ring is marked 925 and China.The only thing that I should have paid more attention to are the dimensions because of my small, somewhat chubby, fingers. The dimensions, translated from metric, are  the length is a little over 1 inch, and the width is about 5/8 inch. If you have long, graceful, fingers, this would be perfect. On my finger, the ring reaches my first knuckle, but I love it anyway even though it is really too big for my hand. Within the past three weeks Amazon ran this ring for $8.75 (really did), including super saver shipping. <end>  Fantastic!  I love this ring. It is really large, but it looks much better in person than on the picture. It's high quality too. <end>  Perfect  I purchased this ring for my grandaughter who loves a lot of glitter and bling. This ring is perfect. It seems to be a good quality, is detailed, and looks like I paid more for it then I did. I know my grandaughter will love it.If you are looking for a large stone ring, this is it. I was looking for a large stone, and I was looking for something different with in a budget. She will be able to wear this ring for a long time, as it is made well, amd sterling silver.Also, it can be sized, since it is sterling silver.I am a happey shopper. <end>
 B000NGMOUA  18k Gold Plated Sterling Silver Ruby and Diamond-Accent Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Not worth the price  If this were $10, it would be a good purchase as a cheap, sentimental gift for someone. Because it's just that; cheap. It is much smaller than expected, and it looks it comes from a dollar store. <end>  Wonderful pendant but, feeble chain.  The necklace looks great and is a nice size. The only problem is how small the chain is. If you decide to buy it. You should also buy a new chain with it. Unless you plan to wear it occasionally, then it shouldn't be a problem <end>  Nice, but really small  It is alot smaller than I had originally thought, but overall it is pretty nice, the gf likes it enough and wears it. <end>  Heart of Gold  This is one of several items I purchased from same seller and both were excellent purchases. Wife was thrilled. <end>  excellent gift choice  I gave this gift to my freinds daughter as a sweet 16 birthday gift nd she actually treasures it,especially because her birthay is in june so it worked out perfect. <end>  This is a piece of junk!  I ordered this based on the rave reviews. I am very sorry that I did, because it looks like is should cost $5 at the most. I returned it, but only received half my money back! Don't be taken in by these reviews--this is a piece of junk! <end>  Beautiful Pendant!  I am glad that I did not read the reviews that others posted regarding this necklace before I purchased it!I think that the pendant is just beautiful! The Ruby stones are a gorgeous strawberry red. The silver and gold metal combination on the pendant is really striking.The pendant looks just like what is shown in the photo, so if you like the photo, you will like the pendant also.I would recommend this necklace! <end>
 B000NGOEJ4  Genuine 18K Gold & Stainless Steel Mens Screws Bracelet ||	  I love it  I love the bracelet, but the length wasnt the right size for a larger male. It barely fit my wrist, but I wear it all the time. I get a lot of compliments.l <end>
 B000NGOGV0  Sterling Silver Peridot 7-Stone Ring, Size 6 ||	  Great little ring!  The picture Amazon provides for this ring doesn't really do it justice. It appears more stretched out than it really is. The stones are a lot closer together than they appear. They have a great shine to them as well, not as dull as the picture may imply!I really love this ring! I wear it every day. The only thing I want to mention is because of the amount of stones (7), it definitely covers the entire top of my finger and sometimes rubs against the sides of the 2 fingers next to it. It's not often noticeable, though, and I think it's mostly because I have kind of small fingers, so I might notice it more than most people with normal sized hands! <end>  It's OK  All the stones are very loose. I'm certain one of these days I'm going to loose one. A little uncomfortable at first, if there was one lest stone, it wouldn't hit the fingers around it. <end>  Very pretty ring and well made...  ...I bought this for my daughter to stack with a citrine one, blue topaz one, and cz one. The stones are well matched, fairly clear and pretty bright. She is thrilled with it! Very good value especially on sale!!! <end>  Peridot ring  Definitevily need to buy 3 rings and wear them together, could be different stones or all 3 of the same, otherwise looks "bare". I wish the stones were a darker green. Worth it if it is on sale. <end>
 B000NGOH8M  Sterling Silver Peridot Bangle Bracelet ||	  Absolutely beautiful for TWO WHOLE DAYS  when this arrived, I couldn't believe how beautiful it was. The gems were small but glistening. The silver nice and thick. The clasp was nice. However, after two day's of wear, I looked down and noticed several of the stones were missing. I ordered a replacement, and will update this review after I wear the new one for a couple of weeks. <end>
 B000NGOHUA  Sterling Silver Round Cubic Zirconia Cocktail Ring, Size 7 ||	  Great product and service  I ordered this ring for my 23 year daughter the Monday before a Saturday Christmas. I was unwilling to bump for faster shipping to ensure Christmas delivery - so image my surprise when the ring arrived before Christmas. My daughter absolutely loves the ring. She normally buys her rings in size 6 but this particular style was sold out in all sizes except size 5. I went ahead and ordered the 5 and it fits perfect. She loves that this ring allows her ring finger to set tight against her pinky and middle finger without gaps. It has plenty of bling which she loves and yet it doesn't seem to catch or snag clothing. Very pleased with this company - their shipping speed and product. Will look to do business with them again. <end>  cheap looking ring  This ring looks like a glass ring, very basic and my normal size did not fit. Order one size up <end>
 B000NGXNVE  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Peridot and Clear Cubic Zirconia Prong Set Polished Finish Rhodium Plated Eternity Band Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  beautiful  This ring is so pretty! I was kinda nervous about buying jewelry online but decided to give it a try. I bought it as a birthday gift for someone and she loved it. This was a great buy. <end>  lovely  I was a bit trepidatious about buying jewelry online, but this proved my fears unfounded. It was really beautiful in person. I bought it as a gift for a friend. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the presentation. I bought a real leather ring gift box to present it to my friend, it made it look ten times better. <end>  So cute!!!  This ring is soooo pretty.. It looks just like the picture, sparklely.  ) Shipping was fast and it came in a cute little gold box.. <end>
 B000NHRSHS  Attribute Rhodium Bracelet - Sister ||	  Very nice and high quality  I was pleasantly surprised how nice this bracelet is. It's very tasteful and made of a high quality...has some weight to it. The shipment was a little slow, but otherwise I would definitely recommend it. <end>
 B000NHT3BW  Pearls of Wisdom Mother Gift Bracelet ||	  Pearls of wisdom Mother Bracelet  I bought this bracelet for my mother and she loved it.Very nice and elegant. <end>  Ok, but overpriced  when this arrived, I was really disappointed. In the box it looks really cheap. However, it does look nice when it is worn. The clasp is a bit flimsy, and the shipping costs are outrageous. I would recommend you price shop a bit. <end>  beautiful  I was very poeased with the merchandise. The piece was very beautiful. The recipient of the gift commented on how nice it was. <end>
 B000NHTFP6  Super Heavy Duty One of A Kind Spring Design Men's Surgical Steel Bracelet ||	  bracelet  Just what it said it was. Very nice men's bracelet. Fast on delivery. Couldn't be happier. <end>
 B000NHTVWS  Jumping Dolphin Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  Adorable!  Our daughter's school mascot is a dolphin, so these were just perfect for her. They're so sweet in her ears. <end>
 B000NHXF3Y  Sophisticated Men's Surgical Steel Matte Finish Identification Bracelet with Carbon Fiber Highlights ||	  mine broke  Mine broke after two weeks - no wonder it was half off. You can buy this for a lot less from other websites as I found out later (I paid $20 supposedly on sale from $40). <end>
 B000NHY20E  Enamel Chartreuse Green Bar Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Our symbole color.  The color of this Items is symbol color of my Clinic, and so all members will be wear them from Christmas. <end>
 B000NHYWVI  Scottish Terrier Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings by Zarah ||	  So Cute!  These are the cutest earrings. I especially like the blue collar instead of a "traditional" red complementary color. It makes these Scotties different...and they go beautifully with all my turquoise and aqua blouses and turquoise jewelry. <end>
 B000NHZ3YS  Onyx and Mother of Pearl Hexagonal Cufflinks Set silver-tone by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Cufflinks  I ordered these cufflinks for the Monsignor of our church. I notice that at mass he always has on these beautiful white shirts, and cufflinks, so I thought that would make the perfect gift. I ordered them at "Cuff Daddy" through Amazon. They reached me in 4 days and the quality was beautiful. I was very proud to present them to him. I would definitely reccomend them and I would definitely use them in the future. Keep up the good work Amazon.Onyx and Mother of Pearl Hexagonal Cufflinks Set in Silver with Gift Box <end>  Great  Great gift. The person I gave them to wears cuff links everyday. He loved them. It was the perfect gift. <end>  These are really nice  I was a bit leery of ordering these but once they came I was pretty please with my purchase.They a built pretty sturdy and look really nice.I like 'em! <end>  Makes a man look sharp  Today we all need every advantage at work. Ones dress habits play a role in the ongoing message of order, sharp, per cession. One more thing. The women love them. <end>
 B000NI2778  Sterling Silver Round Cut Smokey Quartz 0.5" Post Stud Earrings ||	  Fabulous buy  These smokey quartz earrings from Gem Avenue are absolutely fabulous. They arrived sooner than expected and are better than described - far better than another vendor's that I had to send back. Would definitely buy from this seller again. <end>  Smokey Quartz Earrings  Earrings are well-made..I love the stone color..Jewelery comes in cute boxes, various shapes and colors. My order arrived in record time. They have my business. <end>
 B000NI410Y  Sterling Silver 9mm Fresh Water Pearl Multicolor Post Stud Earrings ||	  Nice but too big.  I ordered these earrings as a gift, but in person, they are too big. Make sure you check the size before you order. Otherwise, they are nice and sparkly. <end>
 B000NI64MC  Smokey Quartz Gemstone Sterling Silver Stud Earrings ||	  Nice pair of earings at a good price  These are beautiful smokey quartz earrings. They have a very rich dark color, and the size is generous for the price. <end>
 B000NIA9I2  Sterling Silver CZ & Created Ruby Heart Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Ruby Heart  I ordered this heart necklace for my wife's birthday, not only did it arrive at the perfect time, my wife loves it! <end>
 B000NILT90  Emerald & Green Czech Crystal Frog Cell Phone Dangle Charm ||	  Gone already...  I got this for Christmas and it already fell off the cord and is GONE! It was VERY cute. <end>
 B000NIMBUG  Sterling Silver Round Shape Multi Gemstone Rhodium Plated Heart 0.75 inch Long Pendant charm ||	  Just Like The Picture  This is a pretty pendant that seems to be very good quality. I ordered several items because of special deals that amazon had running. All my orders were placed on the same day, from various dealers. The reason why this pendant got 4 instead of 5 stars is that all the items from this company arrived nearly 2 weeks after all the other items I ordered. It seemed very slow to me. I guess I have been spoiled by amazon's normal delivery time.On the plus side, if you are patient, the quality is very good from this company. It may be well worth the extra wait time. <end>
 B000NINM5O  Pink Czech Crystal Butterfly Cell Phone Dangle Charm ||	  title  I don't like to reView things. It was okay but a little big for a phone charm <end>
 B000NIQRI8  Cherries Czech Crystal Cell Phone Dangle Charm ||	  Bought Cherry's for my knee high boots. Not phone.  When I wear my boots I get a lot of complements. I wear them on the non-zipper side. I love them. Good product, good service. Mailed perfect. Would buy from seller again. I'm happy. Love those Cherry's. <end>  Just What I Expected  I was really happy when i recieved the charm in the mail and saw that it was just what I wanted. I had had a previous necklace charm that was the exact same thing but in the form of a necklace, but it broke. So you can imagine how happy i was to recieve a new Cherry Charm that I ordered.I'm extremely happy with my purchase. I'm actually too scared to actually put it on my phone. I just sorta stare at it most of the time. <end>
 B000NJ059E  Black White Cats Eye Stone 8mm Bead Stretch Bracelet Set ||	  Black White Cats Eye Stone 8mm Bead Stretch Bracelet Set  This is a really cool stretch bracelet set allowing for an endless variety of ways in which this set can be worn, alone, or all 3, including your combination of stretch bracelets...the price affords an endless array which I'd highly recommend...the highly prized "cats eye" or, otherwise known in the jewelers trade as "chatoyance" is demonstrated in these pristine beads... ) <end>
 B000NJ2ZEM  Sterling Silver Marcasite Amethyst Ring Size 6 ||	  A pretty and pleasant surprise!  This would make a lovely birthstone ring for a person of any age. The stone was of good color and ample size. There was plenty of silver, making it large enough for an adult. Since I like things with balance and symetry, it was pleasing to my eye. It was a "small size 6". Arrived in an adorable shiny ring box with a tiny bow. It would be hard to go wrong purchasing this pretty ring! <end>  Pretty  the ring and the thickness makes it feel like a class ring. I love the style and the stone is very lovely. If you are a size 6, though, I would try to find this item at least a half size bigger if not a whole size. It is a bit snug on me, but part of it is the thicker band. Love it very much! <end>  Beautiful Ring  The ring is well made. I like the sterling silver filigree design on the ring. The amethyst stone is clear, and has a light lavendar color. Very pretty. I will enjoy wearing it for many years to come. <end>  I love it  The ring was amazing, i love it, I bought also the earrings and the pendant <end>
 B000NJ2ZM4  Sterling Silver Square Blue Topaz Ring ||	  Question  I would LOVE To have this ring if someone would just tell me what SIZE it is!!! <end>
 B000NJ2ZRO  Sterling Silver Pearl/Marcasite Flower Ring ||	  Exquisite and Beautiful  I LOVE this ring. It came exactly as pictured and promptly too. It's very delicate and almost has a Victorian elegance. <end>  Great Value  I purchased a couple of other jewelry items for my daughter for Christmas but this ring turned out to be the one she liked the best and the other ones cost quite a bit more money.It really is a great looking ring, especially for the reasonable price. If I could get away with it and not compete with my daughter, I would order one for myself. <end>
 B000NJ43CO  Sterling Silver Square Cubic Zirconia Ring ||	  Are you sure it Sterling Silver?  I was not happy with this product at all. It looks as if the silver has been sprayed on to a piece of metal. I mean you can actaully see bubble on the surface of the ring. Tacky. I don't feel I got a ring that is truly sterling silver. I mean I guess you get what you pay for. <end>
 B000NJDQSQ  Sterling Silver Star of David Pendant, 1 1/16 inch tall ||	  very nice for the price  I purchase 2 of these for my wedding. One for my husband and one for my step-son. They are very small.. but I knew that when I bought them. I would recommend this. <end>
 B000NJDQUY  Sterling Silver Jesus Head Pendant, 1 3/8 inch tall ||	  Beautiful Pendant!  I am so pleased w/this pendant!!! I just received it today, and honestly, the picture does not do it justice! The size is perfect, not too heavy, but the detailing is amazing! It arrived so quickly, and I couldn't be happier!!! Thank you so very much, I will treasure this pendant for years to come!!! <end>
 B000NJFSEQ  Sterling Silver Fleur De Lis Pendant, 1 5/8 inch tall ||	  Pendant great but hangs oposite direction of earrings  Huge fan of fleur de lis and the pendant was perfect except it bothered me that it hangs upside down compared to the earrings I bought to go with it. This could be just an OCD problem of mine, but I wear it almost all the time and it looks great and I get a lot of positive feedback from people who see me wear it. I would recommend it to anyone who is a lover of fleur de lis history or not because it is a nice piece of silver jewelry and you can wear it at any length just by putting it on a longer or shorter chain. <end>  A Heads UP  I just thought I would alert people that the fleur de lis is upside down! I bet it is hard to sell that way. I am not buying and I have always wanted a necklace or earrings with my University's symbol. I bought earrings. <end>  Gip  I bought this item at Spencer's for 15$. Don't waste money on this when you can get it cheaper. <end>
 B000NJFSP0  Sterling Silver Cross Pendant, 1 inch tall ||	  Disappointed  This sterling silver cross is much smaller than I expected. Its image onAmazon suggested something larger, although I might've known from the price that it would be small. The packaging was fine, and arrival time was speedy. <end>
 B000NJJ0ZY  Sterling Silver Chinese Character for Peace Sign Pendant, 7/8 inch tall ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this for my Daughter. I was impressed that the pendant was of good size and weight. Though inexpensive this was not a cheap product <end>
 B000NJJ12G  Sterling Silver Chinese Character for YOUNG BROTHER Pendant, 3/4 inch tall ||	  Small  I got this for my brother and thought it would be bigger than this. It's for a boy but I'm not sure if it's as masculine as I'd have liked. <end>
 B000NK5IOA  Amazon.com  Pink Lace Shoe Bag  Clothing ||	  Cute & fitting  My bridal shoes fit great innthis bag. Its cute too. For the price, this is great. I would recommend. To other brides. <end>
 B000NK5SCW  Dainty Sterling Silver and White Freshwater Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Pearl Earrings  Light, classy and perfect with freshwater pearl necklace, or alonefast shipping, pleasure to work with <end>
 B000NKJX6E  Certified Diamond (Radiant, Very Good cut, 1.03 carats, F color, VVS2 clarity) ||	  Excellent Responsiveness and Peace of Mind  Its not often that one purchases something that is worth thousands of dollars. The biggest factor in that kind of purchase is the peace of mind that one gets from the credibility and trust worthiness of the seller. There are plenty of diamond sellers in the world but I decided to place my trust with Amazon. There excellent customer service, ability to address my questions with focused and well researched answers, and the turnaround time in terms of delivery has gone beyond my expectations. The packaging was subtle but very stylistic. I am thoroughly impressed with the service. <end>
 B000NKWM1W  Amazon.com  Slave Bracelet with Single Heart Shaped Onyx Inlay Made in USA Sz 7  Clothing ||	  Gorgeous!!  Absolutely gorgeous! Love the look & the quality...have gotten several comments on this bracelet already!  ) <end>
 B000NL2JDM  14Kt White Gold Overlapping Blue Sapphire and Diamond Ring ||	  incredible ring  I cannot get over how wonderful this ring was when it came in. I wanted something different to wear as my wedding band, and this surpassed what I even expected for it to look like.... <end>
 B000NN7ZN4  Sterling Silver Small Heart Necklace ||	  Very Impressive (Just like Tiffany.. 'cept cheaper)  I was shopping for a Tiffany necklace when I ran across this one.... at a fraction of the cost and just as pretty I was pleased when it arrived and was the quality it is! I odered several items from Eve's Addition and I was very pleased with the quality of each item.Shop away and I promise you will be pleased! <end>
 B000NNAKCC  Lovely Faberge Style Egg ||	  egg  I bought this egg for a formal dinner and it was just beautiful.It was abit expensive but it was worth it.I had many people compliment my egg.It was a hit. <end>
 B000NNGCVK  10k Yellow Gold Journey Circle Pendant (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  10k White Gold Journey Circle Pendant (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I3 Clarity)  Cheap quality and it shows in the clarity of the diamonds or rather the lack therof. The old adage is right> You get what you pay for. <end>  We returned it  I have always been 100% satisified with Amazon but this item was low quality and we returned it. My first bad review for a product from this nearly perfect online shopping site.Diamonds very low quality and just looked like it came out of a gum ball machine.Amazon gladly refunded money and paid to ship it back. <end>  Not worth the price  If you want to impress someone with a thoughtful and small jewellery, this is not it. My wife didnt like it, didnt event look like (real) diamonds. Dont buy it <end>
 B000NNMJ3U  Amber Ring set in .925 Sterling Silver Size 8.5 ||	  Amber is HUGE  I put this ring on my Christmas Wish list. I received it as a Christmas gift. I was shocked to see how large the amber was - it must be at least 1 1/2' by 1". I really like the style of the ring and it seems to be of good quality, it just seems so huge on my finger. I think the product description should state the size so that others aren't as surprised as I was. I think I will keep it - but must get used to how large it is. It begs for attention - which is not my normal style. <end>
 B000NNUUSQ  Sterling Silver Genuine Tiger Eye Stone Oval Pendant ||	  a great buy  Got this today and it's better than it shows in the picture. The stone is beautiful, the frame is lovely and I'm more than satisfied. You're definitely getting a lot for that price although it's small but weighty and the quality is there. On the sellers behalf I must say shipping is not high. This seller is one of few that don't overcharge to ship to Hawaii which is where I am and I got it here in 3 days, Hawaii, yes. In fact I love it and highly recommend it. <end>  Nice, but small.....  This pendant is very nice actually for the price. It is well made and the rhodium plating looks really nice with the stone. The actual size of the pendant without the bale is about a half inch wide and three quarters of an inch tall. It is small, but it is the size stated in the product description. It arrived 2 days after I ordered it. However, I agree with the previous reviewer, the shipping charge is a huge rip off. It arrived in a little padded envelope and the pendant was in a small pouch. The chain is very thin, but I was not planning on using the chain it came with anyway. I recommend the pendant, but that shipping charge is way too much. <end>  Am pleased with this tigers eye pendent,w chain  I ordered this pendent to go with a pair of tigers eye oval shape lever backs..Was very pleased since it matches very nicely.However a bit disappointed at the amount of shipping that was charged for this..Almost the same as the price of the pendent...Came in a small mailing envelope..Cost according to my postal clerk .80cents.I really feel the ship was very inflated.. <end>
 B000NO8320  Bright Multi Stone Inlay and Silver Pendant on Chain ||	  Very Beautiful Though Very Small  I bought this for my DIL for Christmas. She said she loved it, but you aren't going to tell your MIL you hate her Christmas gift, are you?I can tell you that my DIL makes jewelry herself, and she immediately identified all the stones in it, and said she was impressed with the workmanship and quality, so that is a good indicator, I guess!The necklace was beautifully presented, in a velour bag, with a small box and even a bow for the package were included. Also, the shipping was quite fast for the time of year.I was going to give it 4 stars because it is so small, but I decided there was nothing wrong with it, quite the contrary. If it had been larger, it would have cost a lot more, so 5 stars it is, just be warned it is very small. Check the dimensions. <end>
 B000NOCXS0  Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "C" Charm 1 inch Long Pendant ||	  Good Quality  I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas stocking stuffer. She loves it and wears it often and everywhere she goes. My daughter is very active and this charm has held up very well. <end>  CZ Letter C  This was not as pretty in person as it was on the site. 2 of the stones were loose and part of the metal was bent where the stones were inserted. It's ok looking, but not exactly what I was looking for. <end>  Lovely  This is a lovely quality charm. I put mine on a silver chain and it is just beautiful. It was better quality than I expected and can be worn alone or put on a charm bracelet.It is much prettier in person than on the photo. <end>  great charm  I make chain maille jewelry and have ordered a more expensive initial pendant from another source to add to a bracelet. I saw this one and took a chance and was very surprised. Looked almost the same, both were sterling silver and this one was one third the price. Definitely will order again <end>
 B000NOEPJ0  Sterling Silver Round Clear Cubic Zirconia Initial "E" Charm 1 inch Long Pendant ||	  Sterling Silver Intitial Pendant  I was so delighted upon opening the pretty gift box. The pendant is a perfect size. It is well made and highly polished. The cz's are very clear and sparkle. I received my order quickly and it arrived in perfect condition through the USPS! This pendant would make any lady/girl a perfect gift for any occasion. I tried to buy this exact pendant with my initial last Christmas but they had already sold out so of course I was really happy to be able to snag it this time!  ) You cannot go wrong with this quality pendant or Gem Avenue service. <end>  fabulous  I got what I ordered. consider buying the chain at the same time. However It beutifule and exactly what I wanted!! <end>  Sterling silver charm cubic zirconia initial E pendant  So pleased with the product...it was exactly what i was looking for. It was great quality and I love the sparkle. Will defintely purchase from this seller again. Super Fast shipping and a great product what could be better  ) Thanks againLaura <end>  Exceeded Expectations  Cannot be happier-this is perfect and well made, I doubt a stone will ever fall out. I love it! <end>  Great granddaughter gift  I was very satisfied with this pendant. It met all my expectation, was delivered as promised, and had a great price. <end>  Beautiful Charm  This charm is just what I expected. Fits perfectly and is just the right size. Beautifully polished sterling silver/CZ charm. Will definitley buy more from this company. <end>
 B000NOWCK4  Sterling Silver Genuine Freshwater Cultured Green Coin Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  I love them!  I just love these earrings! I wear them all the time. They are long and dangly without being gaudy. They green color is surprisingly neutral enough to wear with a variety of things. The quality is better than I expected, and the price was excellent. I would buy these again! <end>
 B000NOWVJ6  Sterling Silver .925 Genuine Freshwater Cultured Pink Coin Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  They're OK  For the price these earrings are ok. I didn't completely understand the term "coin" pearl so I was surprised by the uneven surface. I'll know what to expect if I see the term again. Worth keeping at that price. <end>
 B000NP12HM  14k White Gold 3-Stone Round-Cut Shared Prong Earrings (1 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  picture looks big than actual earrings  I think they should have taken a picture beside a person's ear. This was too small, like a kids jewelry! I had to return it. <end>
 B000NP12IG  14k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Round-Cut Shared-Prong Pendant (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  so small  This was my first experience buying diamonds and i really had no idea how small the diamonds were on this necklace. The biggest one is almost an sixteenth of an inch but not quite. Also, the weight or something was off in the diamonds so it turned and it always lays on its side, so the diamonds don't even show. I returned it <end>
 B000NP7SQG  Sterling Silver Marquise Multi Amber Butterfly Ring Band Size 4,4.5,5,5.5,6,6.5,7,7.5,8,8.5,9,10 ||	  Amber Butterfly ring  I received this ring today and while it is a pretty ring it isn't what I expected. The sizing runs large, I ordered a five however it fits more like a six. The ring a received has a different color combination than the one pictured (mine has the yellow and green amber on the top wings and the cognac color on the bottom wings). Also the sterling silver 925 stamp is on the outside of the band instead of the inside. <end>  Beautiful Amber  This is a unique ring, gorgeous with good craftsmanship. Great price for a great ring. <end>
 B000NRUZAA  Rhodium plated and gold plated ships anchor and wheel cufflinks with presentation box ||	  naval cufflinks  These were a gift for my nephew who is a captain in the Navy. To me they werre especially perfect because they would go with yellow or white gold. He wore them to an event and likes them too. <end>
 B000NRWC06  Sterling Silver .925 hammered design Earrings ||	  Lovely  These are lovely earrings. I bought them because they very closely resembled another pair of earrings I saw in a catalog for around $70. They are lightweight and therefore very comfortable, and I always receive compliments when I wear them. <end>
 B000NT77FO  PalmBeach Jewelry Round Diamond 18k Yellow Gold Over Sterling Silver Butterfly Band ||	  Beautiful butterflies  This is a beautiful! The butterflies sparkle wonderfully! Only issue is the flat part of the band in the back begins to turn a little in color. Otherwise, I am very please with this ring. You can wear when you dress up or down. <end>  Very femenine and delicate  I love butterflies. This is a lovely ring for the price. Well made and comfortable to wear. <end>  FANTASTIC!  Perfect for what we wanted!! Strong - sturdy - PETITE - GORGEOUS!!!Just the right amount of sparkle - it doesn't always have to be carats cartats and more carats - this ring is wonderful! <end>
 B000NT77H2  PalmBeach Jewelry 17.76 TCW Oval-Cut Genuine Blue and White Topaz Sterling Silver Stud Earrings ||	  Stunning  Absolutely gorgeous! Often times you wonder if you will get what you think you ordered; these earrings are large, sparkling and beautiful. More than worth the purchase price. <end>
 B000NTK620  14k Gold Princess-Cut Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/6 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Love it....  I put the ring in my cart as a.. I wish I could get this... Later I placed a cheap CZ ring in my cart. I placed the order and realized in my horror that the &#34;Your order has been shipped&#34; included this ring that I did not delete. When I received it I fell in love with it. Although the diamond is small which is very clear what size it is in the description..it is still beautiful. It is elegantly simple. I have never had a &#34;real diamond&#34; before and after 30 years of marriage my husband saw how much I loved it- he wouldn't let me return it. One word of caution- the prongs are very sharp- use caution around babies. They seem to be smoothing after 3 months. Buy it and ENJOY!!! <end>  Best bargain for the price  This ring is worh every penny. Looking very good and shines bright. You can't complain anything about it size or color.I love this. <end>  For the money an excellent decision  With a very limited budget this ring is an excellent choice. The princess cut is brilliant and the setting stands off the ring to make it the focal point. <end>
 B000NTNF00  14k White Gold 3-Stone Round Diamond Ring (1/3 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  Stunning Little Promise Ring  Periodically, I browse Amazon jewelry selections, because prices can (and do) go up and down overnight sometimes. While running an Amazon jewelry search, I came across this lovely three stone ring; the price ranged (by size and gold color) from just over $90 to $300 plus. Clicking on the link regarding availability and pricing, I saw that the size 6 in yellow gold was $90 and some odd cents. To my mind? With two sons who are young men now? It was worth taking the chance to get the ring home and inspect the quality. This ring arrived today. I louped it immediately upon opening the box (it arrives in a blue velvet ring box, which is placed inside of a navy blue gift box), and I saw that the very small diamonds twinkle nicely and are not heavily included. The center stone, in particular, is very clear from the table facet. Further inspection revealed that all three stones are well cut. Please understand these are very small diamonds equalling 1/3 carat total weight. Most impressive is the solid 14K gold setting. This isn't tinfoil gold, folks. It isn't hollowed out for half or more of the shank, and therefore makes a sturdy, everyday wearable ring... albeit with seriously petite diamonds of decent sparkle and clarity. My feeling is that for the price I paid, I got a great bargain on what could become a nice promise ring for one of my sons to present to a girlfriend. Is it worth more than $300? Well, gold is at an all time high and the setting is solid, but I'd think the $200 range is more appropriate considering the diamond size, total weight and color, which is not a bright white. In the yellow gold, they look to be white. In white gold? I'd expect they'll look slightly yellow or very pale champagne. Hope that helps anyone shopping. <end>  Excellent option for short budgets  Good Product, good purchase, the diamonds are small, but the whole ring looks cute, excellent option for those who do not have much money and want to jump. <end>
 B000NTZ1ZC  Platinum Men's & Women's Wedding Bands 4mm Halfround ||	  Not as good when new  I bought this one to replace the 14K gold rings i had. I downloaded the charts for size and ordered. The order was processed fine and they looked very good when arrived, were comfortable too. But after about 5 months of use, there are scratches and the shine is gone.I would want to try the tungsten carbide ones sometime, they are supposed to be scratch resistant. But platinum is platinum and my wife wanted this one only, so I will wear a scratched and less shiny ring. <end>
 B000NTZW6K  14k Gold 3-Stone Diamond Ring (3/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Great!  My wife wanted a new ring that she could take with her on trips and use day-to-day. This ring has worked very well, would recommend. <end>
 B000NUXOKK  Southwestern Style Bear and Bear Paw Design Ring in Sterling Silver with Turquoise Chip Inlay for Men or Women, Size 12, #11115 ||	  It is a pretty ring and worth more than it sold for.  This ring arrived really quickly. It is a beautiful ring and could have easily sold for more. My husband really liked it. It was a little loose but not too bad. For the money, a high quality ring. <end>  Great value. Out standing customer service.  This ring is beautiful and well made, it is worth the price and more. I bought two rings from Taos Trading Rings and they are both really well made at a very fair price. What is better is the customer service was outstanding. In the 10 years I have used Amazon I can remember writing one other review. But my experience was so good with this company that I really wanted to spread the word and encourage you to buy from them! I am leaving this same review for the other ring I bought too. <end>  Bear Ring  this ring is beautiful and just what I was looking for. My son's highschool mascot is a bear and this ring is perfect for him. <end>
 B000NV0QSM  Sterling Silver Genuine Garnet stone emerald cut lever back leverback Earrings ||	  bEAUTIFUL and DURABLE  THESE EARRINGS ARE NOT JUST SO LOW PRICED BUT ALSO GREAT LOOKING ,DURABLE AND VERY EASY TO CLEAN.I BOUGHT A PAIR FOR MY SISTER-IN-LAW AND LATER A PAIR FOR MYSELF AS SHE AND I BOTH FOUND THEM ALMOST TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE FOR SUCH A PRICE.ABSOLUTLY RECOMMENDED! <end>
 B000NV7WCK  14k White Gold 7-Stone Diamond Ring (1/3 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Very nice ring for the price  I am very pleased with this ring. I bought it in yellow gold to go along with a diamond engagement ring and they look beautiful together. The ring would also look very nice all by itself. I was first looking at the 1/2 cttw for slightly less money, but I noticed that the diamond Color and Clarity wasn't as good. I decided to pay a little extra for this one (even though it's only 1/3 cttw) and I'm so glad that I did. The diamonds are beautiful. I love how much they sparkle on my finger. I highly recommend this ring. <end>  Beyond Words  If you are looking for a perfect wedding ring, this is it. Words cannot describe how beautiful or how dazzling this ring is. Pictures cannot capture the sparkle of it. It is absolutely perfect, the perfect amount of bling, very feminine, and gorgeous! it covers the whole top of my finger so it gives the illusion of an eternity band but without scratching the sides of your other fingers. the stones are perfectly clear and capture the light beautifully. It really is the perfect wedding ring. <end>
 B000NV9MOG  14k White Gold 5-Stone Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  almost perfect  We purchsed this as a wedding band, the diamonds are beautiful and exactly as described. The only problem with the ring is the prongs sit up much too high, they are raised much higher then the tops of the diamonds(some may like this look). Because of this we thought we were going to have to return the ring, however our local jeweler was able to shorten the prongs for only $25! This ring is now stunning and exactly what we were looking for! The jeweler also commented on the high quality of the diamonds which is great. <end>  Perfect Ring...  Perfect ring for me. The 5 diamonds are .10 points each. I bought this ring to wear with my emerald-cut diamond wedding ring. The diamonds are just like Amazon has described, near colorless, with brilliance and fire, and a very good cut. It took me so long to find the right ring, and was a little worried about buying on line, but the half price sale and Amazon could not be beat. I even checked out a diamond outlet, and a diamond ring like this one cost more for lower grade diamonds. I just got the ring today, and it's beautiful, a perfect ring for me. It's clean and sparkles. The white gold band is substantial and is comfortable. The high prongs look higher in the picture. The prongs don't detract from the diamonds and match the prongs on my wedding ring. It is a matter of your own taste. Hope this helps. I love my anniversary ring.(* *) Thank you Amazon. <end>
 B000NVBOLA  14k White Gold 7-Stone Diamond Ring (1/2 cttw, H Color, SI2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Beautiful Ring!  We bought this ring as my wedding band. It is very pretty and it really sparkles in the light. The diamonds aren't tiny, as I expected them to be. They are high quality and nicely sized. The band is comfortable too. The ring does need to be resized since because they don't have half-sizes, but that is easily taken care of at a jeweler. Overall, we are really happy with this purchase and I can't wait to wear as my wedding band! <end>
 B000NVN5YY  Sterling Silver Round Shaped Peridot Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Dolphin Ring Size 8.5 ||	  Beautiful  Love this ring! Just like the picture and fits great! The gemstone is pretty and the ring is shiny. Received it quickly. Very unique. <end>  such a pretty ring!  I just received this ring today, and it's so pretty! It looks better than the picture- much more detailed and pretty. It's very comfortable to wear, and not bulky. It's light and thin enough to wear a lot without any problem. The gem is more secured in the ring than I thought it would be- the gem setting holds the gem in place very well, it would be hard for it to come out. I'm very satisfied with this ring, and would recommend it to anyone who likes dolphins. Gem Avenue always does a great job  ) <end>  Beautilful Quality  I recieved the Sterling Silver Peridot Gemstone Band Dolphin Animal Ring. I was quite impressed with the quality of the ring. And very pleased with the low price. Having a genuine peridot was an added bonus. I would recommend this ring to any buyer if you like Dolphins. <end>  Pretty ring packaged nicely!  This ring is a very pretty ring for my daughter. I think she will love it and it was packaged in a pink box with a bow. That was a pleasant surprise. Fast shipping too! <end>  Excellent!  Fast shipping, and I love my ring!!! It seems like everything I looked at that I liked were from this seller, so, chances are I'll be buying again! <end>  Dazzling!  The Dolphin Sterling Silver ring with the peridot stone is just superb, I love it and manyhave commented on it, asked where I got it. Beautiful piece of jewelry. <end>
 B000NVPFXS  Sterling Silver Round Shaped Sapphire Gemstone Polished Finished 4mm Wide Band Dolphin Ring Size 8.5 ||	  Sweet Ring for Dolphin lovers  My niece asked me for a sapphire ring for her tenth birthday. It's not easy to find rings of good quality for children. This ring isn't a child's ring, per se, but it comes in size four which fits my niece's index finger and it will give her plenty of room to grow into it and even use it as a pinky ring when she's in college. The sapphire is small, but I think that's fine. It is proportional to the rest of the ring. The ring I received had a nice blue sapphire - clearly a sapphire and not muddy. The styling makes it wrap nicely around the finger and it won't snag sweaters like so many rings do. My niece and I both like the smoothness of the dolphin's body. It's a shiny metal that doesn't look like it will tarnish but it's too early to know. It cleans easily with a soft jewelry cloth and also responded well to very mild soap and water. This is an excellent buy. <end>  I would recommend  When I ordered this ring, I didn't expect too much because of the price...I was wrong. This is a very pretty, well made ring. I bought it as a christmas gift for my 12 yr old grandaughter and she loved it. She kept telling me over and over how beautiful it was <end>
 B000NVRWZM  Sterling Silver Genuine Amethyst oval stone bali bead Lever Back LeverBack Earrings ||	  Simple & sweet  These earrings are very pretty. Definitely a good buy for someone who loves amethyst or if you know someone who loves purple they will love these. I was worried the stones wouldn't be large - It's hard to determine size with the measurement guides shown on the site - but they are a really good size & are truly beautiful. <end>
 B000NVVPYG  14k Yellow Gold Red Coral Branch Necklace ||	  perfect match for the earrings  It makes the perfect finish for the summer attires. It looks too delicate but it is very strong. Very comfortable and looks beautiful with the matching earrings <end>
 B000NW3FPM  14k Yellow Gold Simulated Champagne Mother-of-Pearl Ball Earrings, 14 mm ||	  Overpriced, and imperfect.  I bought these for my girlfriend and being fairly new at buying jewelry I made a few mistakes, 14mm was alot bigger than I imagined, and these hardly resemble pearls. They were also a bit tattered and had minor scratches. Luckily my girlfriend has alot of hair so they worked for her but short haired girls or straight haired should probably pass on these <end>  Not worth the money....  These earrings were quite pricey for being "simulated" pearls. They were also a darker shade of champagne than what I expected them to be. I purchased these to wear to a wedding and now that I've seen them, I'm not sure that I'll even wear them. I was looking for something that appears "classy" but these appear somewhat "gawdy". I'm not impressed at all. <end>  SO chic  These are lovely, elegant and light to wear. I felt quite chic wearing them. They go with everything. <end>
 B000NW3OLW  Large Southwestern Style Indian Chief Headdress Ring with Turquoise & Coral Chip Inlay in Sterling Silver for Men, Size 10, #10535 ||	  WOW!!! and a POW WOW of a RING!!!  This is a fantastic looking ring and will cause a sensation when you wear it....Every American should wear this ring to honor our native Americans who have suffered greatly at the hands of our unjust government and theirbroken promises....Marlin Brando would have loved this ring and worn it proudly to show his support of all native Americans.... <end>  Worth the money!  I bought this ring at a local pow wow three years ago for $120 - but in a size 9. It has a good weight, very sturdy and wears well. I would buy another one in a heartbeat! <end>
 B000NW4EX4  14k White Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/2 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  LOVE IT  after reading about other rings i saw here the reviews scared me a little. but for the money this item gives you the best bang for your buck. the band is as thick as the upper part not thin and ready to break. the decription was nice because you know the color and cut, not all items advertised do that. so i was very happy to see i got exactly what i saw on this site as advertised. great place to shop for everything !!!!!thanks Amazons walker <end>
 B000NW5J3I  14k Yellow Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/4 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  Great Little Ring  I just got this ring today and I really like it. I bought it as a splurge for myself. It's small and dainty and I think it's a perfect right hand ring--it doesn't over shadow wedding rings or engagement rings.The diamond is nice and sparkly and the band is solid--no hollow parts in this ring!I think it would make a nice starter ring. It looks great with some accent bands I already own. Thanks amazon! <end>  Cool small ring  The ring is indeed small, but what do you expect from a 1/4 carat ring? It looks good and the diamond is clear and sparking. The base is a little bit too high so it doesn't match well with my band. But compared to the price I paid for, it's a good deal. <end>  Terrible  I got this ring recently from Amazon and its tiny. Absolutly tiny. Sent it straight back. The pictures do not even closely reflect how small the ring actually is. I and my girlfriend were very annoyed at the disapointing size of the ring. <end>  great sparkle.. small size  i bought this ring because i have 5/8 k earings (which brings it to about 1/4 k per piece)... so, i thought i could match them.. this diamond is ABSOLUTELY smaller than the earings, but it is obvious that the ring is much thicker (deeper cone shape, where the earings are much flatter). I don't think that THAT makes up for the HUGE difference.. anyway, it is worth mentioning that the picture GROSSLY misrepresents the ring. They probably took a picture of a 1 K diamond and pasted it on the 1/4 k item.. <end>  If I wanted a piece of coal...  I will start off by saying that yes, you do get what you paid for. With that said, I would still like to acknowledge the horrible clarity of this diamond, despite the relatively good price. I am the first to understand that if you want a diamond solitaire ring for under $[...], don't be too surprised by the lack of 4c's. However, this was just ridiculous. I've done a fair amount of jewelry shopping in second hand stores, namley pawn shops, and have come up with much beter diamonds than the one exhibited in this ring. I wish that I had taken heed to the comments/ratings left by others. Perhaps my stone was just bad, but once again, this was just ridiculous. <end>  Beautiful ring at a great price!  I purchased this to replace my wedding ring I lost 2 years ago. I have 2 in diapers and have to watch what I spend, so I've been looking off and on for years.The only thing I wish is the stone was bigger, but who doesn't, lol.The diamond is very colorful. There is one small inclusion, but it's not that obvious. I would certainly recommend this to anyone looking for a beautiful ring on a budget. <end>  Smaller than the photo  I made a comparison with the photo and Amazon shows that the diamond reaches the base, not in reality, there is a space.The diamond is smaller. <end>  beauty  I love the beauty of diamonds. I feel that they represent good karma.They make me feel a little stronger, you know? They came from the earth, and are older than all of us. <end>
 B000NW6JLY  Sterling Silver "Love" Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Very disappointing!  I am not one to drop a lot of money on jewelry but I do buy what I like. This pendant was just plain cheap and not worth $5 let alone $25. A shoelace would be nicer than the cord which came with it as well. This is definitely NOT one of my better purchases. <end>  Nice gift  Bought for my wife as a Christmas gift. The only downfall is that the leather chain/strap is not very long. It was long enough for my wife, but if I were wearing it I would prefer longer <end>
 B000NW82C8  14k White Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/8 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 5 ||	  So far so good...  I'm not big into jewelry, so I'm not too sure how good something is, but I picked this up for my girlfriend and it arrived on time (Prime) and she loves it. Fits just fine and looks good, so no problems... <end>  Great Ring  I just Love the ring. It was a good price too. Thank you very much <end>
 B000NW83P4  14k Yellow Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/4 ct, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), Size 9 ||	  Great Little Ring  I just got this ring today and I really like it. I bought it as a splurge for myself. It's small and dainty and I think it's a perfect right hand ring--it doesn't over shadow wedding rings or engagement rings.The diamond is nice and sparkly and the band is solid--no hollow parts in this ring!I think it would make a nice starter ring. It looks great with some accent bands I already own. Thanks amazon! <end>  Cool small ring  The ring is indeed small, but what do you expect from a 1/4 carat ring? It looks good and the diamond is clear and sparking. The base is a little bit too high so it doesn't match well with my band. But compared to the price I paid for, it's a good deal. <end>  Terrible  I got this ring recently from Amazon and its tiny. Absolutly tiny. Sent it straight back. The pictures do not even closely reflect how small the ring actually is. I and my girlfriend were very annoyed at the disapointing size of the ring. <end>  great sparkle.. small size  i bought this ring because i have 5/8 k earings (which brings it to about 1/4 k per piece)... so, i thought i could match them.. this diamond is ABSOLUTELY smaller than the earings, but it is obvious that the ring is much thicker (deeper cone shape, where the earings are much flatter). I don't think that THAT makes up for the HUGE difference.. anyway, it is worth mentioning that the picture GROSSLY misrepresents the ring. They probably took a picture of a 1 K diamond and pasted it on the 1/4 k item.. <end>  If I wanted a piece of coal...  I will start off by saying that yes, you do get what you paid for. With that said, I would still like to acknowledge the horrible clarity of this diamond, despite the relatively good price. I am the first to understand that if you want a diamond solitaire ring for under $[...], don't be too surprised by the lack of 4c's. However, this was just ridiculous. I've done a fair amount of jewelry shopping in second hand stores, namley pawn shops, and have come up with much beter diamonds than the one exhibited in this ring. I wish that I had taken heed to the comments/ratings left by others. Perhaps my stone was just bad, but once again, this was just ridiculous. <end>  Beautiful ring at a great price!  I purchased this to replace my wedding ring I lost 2 years ago. I have 2 in diapers and have to watch what I spend, so I've been looking off and on for years.The only thing I wish is the stone was bigger, but who doesn't, lol.The diamond is very colorful. There is one small inclusion, but it's not that obvious. I would certainly recommend this to anyone looking for a beautiful ring on a budget. <end>  Smaller than the photo  I made a comparison with the photo and Amazon shows that the diamond reaches the base, not in reality, there is a space.The diamond is smaller. <end>  beauty  I love the beauty of diamonds. I feel that they represent good karma.They make me feel a little stronger, you know? They came from the earth, and are older than all of us. <end>
 B000NW8692  10k White Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/10 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Tiny, but beautiful!  I love this ring! I was originally looking for a plain thin gold band, but when I saw this as a gold box deal I decided to buy it for myself instead. For the price, I wasn't expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised (shocked even) when I opened the box. The stone is very tiny, but clear and pretty. It's dainty enough that it doesn't look like an engagement ring. It's perfect if you just want something really simple and subtle for your right hand. It's too soon to really tell, but it seems like it's well made. I'm very impressed! <end>  Cute as it can be  Adorable little ring. It has a nice size crown that displays the little diamond chip. It sits on your finger and just sparkles. It has a very good cut. I examined it. Amazon's product details are very clear on the color and clarity of this ring. Mine looks suprisingly good. It doesn't have a bunch of metal and beading around the diamond trying to make it look larger. This ring is not trying to be anything else, but a petite diamond. The band is thin....about 1/16 of an inch. It's solid, but very thin. This ring would look good on the thumb or baby finger. Part of the ring's charm is that it's a solitare and so dainty. It's not something you see very often. One word of caution though, do not buy this as an engagement ring unless you're absolutely sure she likes very small diamonds. I know some women do. <end>  Small and dull  This is a low priced diamond ring, and you get what you pay for.The diamond itself is in a fairly raised setting, but the diamond is very shallow inside of the setting. Basically, it only looks good when you are viewing it from the top. From the sides you can see how little diamond there is.The diamond I received was quite yellow in tinge, I compared it to a $200 diamond ring that my sister owns. Also, it lacked much of the brilliance or sparkle that I saw in the other ring. The other diamond was also much larger, which already makes up for the price different.Even for the money I was disappointed in the quality because I felt like a cubic zirconia would have been much better, as this diamond did not stand out at all. <end>  Small and very nice  This is not the kind of ring for you if you want something ostentatious. It is beautiful though, thin band and very small diamond, but still very elegant and eye-catching. I love to see how it looks in my hand...!! I hope this helps you if you're considering buying it. <end>  its pretty small and peite  its real pretty small and peite just how i like to see a ring not a bulky thing <end>
 B000NW9XW6  10k Yellow Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/6 ct, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Absolutely beautiful  This ring is spectacular. The diamond measures 4mm which makes the ring very elegant. It has a wonderful shine and does not have any inclusions or clouds visible to the unaided eye. I'm very very happy with this ring. <end>  10k Yellow Gold Round 4-Prong Solitaire Diamond Ring (1/6 ct, j-k color, I2-I3 Clarity) - Size 9 Review  I tried this ring on my wedding ring band finger and it would slip and slide around my finger, so I know that I must need an 8.5 size ring for my wedding ring band finger. I was disappointed that it didn't fit but I am getting another one that is a 3-Stone ring that is a size 8.5 and it represents more to me about my wedding day and process than just the one solitary stone. <end>  Color and clarity varies considerably  I wasn't totally sure of my ring size, so I bought two different sizes, just to be sure. Now I'm disappointed because one is fairly colorless but cloudy, and the other one is very clear but definitely yellower. For those who aren't familiar with diamond grading, know that these diamonds may not sparkle in the way you're hoping, and also might be yellow. This item is out of stock now, but if I could I would order 5 more, and see if I could luck out and get a nicer diamond   ) Anyway, I got this ring in a special sale for an unbelievable price, so at the end of the day I'm not complaining! <end>
 B000NWXBKQ  Sterling Silver Organic Design Ring, Size 7 ||	  Very Original!  I always look for unusual pieces, and this is one of those! This ring is sturdy, and beautifully formed. Love it!! <end>  A favorite  I have a large collection of silver rings, but I find myself wearing this one a lot, in tandem with other cut-out or square rings. A friend joked that it looks as though it had a stone that fell, but I like the unusual design a lot. <end>
 B000NWZGTA  Sterling Silver Open Filigree Ring, Size 6 ||	  shiny ring  The make of the ring is fine but the finish on the ring is too shiny. It looks and feels like shiny plastic. I don't know why it is different than other silver rings I have bought from Amazon. I have bought earrings here also that had the super shiny finish. In my opinion, the shiny finish makes the items look like they aren't really silver. <end>  Simple elegance  I love this ring. I tend to like simple rings that are not overwhelmingly big. While a little bit bigger than some of my rings, the size is just right for the design. I actually wear it quite often as it looks good with both casual and dressy things. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This ring was beautiful and it looked much more expensive that it was. I gave it as a gift and the recipient was thrilled. <end>
 B000NWZKIW  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured 7-7.5mm Black Pearl Earrings with Silver Mount ||	  Black Pearls  These were a gift for my wife, and she truly loves them.Great color, and size. <end>  No pearl luster - More like glass bead shine  The pearls had no luster, more uniform black. I have black glass bead earrings, these looked just like them. Do not let the picture fool you. I had filled out the return form within a few minutes of opening the box. Very disappointed. <end>  black pearls  Appeared to be very nice on arrival. But the fell apart after wearing them only twice. Would not buy again. <end>
 B000NXBOIQ  Amazon.com    Clothing ||	  Authentic Native American Rare White Buffalo Turquoise Earrings  The earrings are beautiful. They are a wonderful basic item. They look great with many different outfits. They are a nice size and do not interfere with use of the telephone. Definitely glad I purchased these earrings. Roger Enterprise had amazing service. Very pleased with my purchase. <end>
 B000NZ1DJY  PINK RIBBON Breast Cancer Awareness Bracelets ||	  Good  Mine has only three of those ribbons, not 4! in photo it is shown that there are 4 of those ribbons.but in general it is beautiful I love it <end>  Won't be using them again  Got this in the mail 4 days after ordering it. The picture is false. Shows 4 pink ribbons but only came with 3. The first day I put it on a charm fell off, thankfully I found it and had to tighten it on. Looks really cheap. The shipping came in fast, but wish I didn't waste money for two of them plus shipping. <end>  I love this bracelet!!!  I just got this bracelet today 7 days before i was suppose to and i couldnt be happier It fits amazing and I am goimng to wear it everyday for a long time.I got this to show support everyday for what so many women live with and survive from i am so thankful.. <end>  Breast Cancer Awareness Bracelet  Did not really like the design once I got it. It feels very flemsy. More suitable for a little girl <end>  Love it  I ordered this for a friend who just found out she has breasts cancer and needs surgery. They sent the wrong item. I sent and email and got a response with in a few hours. By the next day they had shipped my item. I received it with in 3 days. I was very pleased...Thank You <end>  I LOVE my new bracelet  It is very small and nice. I LOVE it. I am very proud of the purchase that I made. Thank you. <end>  Cute, Comes apart easily.  Charms fall off easyPlasticDoes not stretch wellbeads very tightly spacedcharms do not hang nicely must be pushed into place <end>  Cheaply made  Although this is a cute bracelet it looks like a little kid made it. It is very cheaply made and it feels like I'm going to break it when i stretch it to put it on. Not very happy with this product! <end>  Great fund-raisers!  I ordered these to sell at a silent auction to raise money for a local team that was walking in the Susan G. Komen 2-day walk in Tampa, FL. We were able to raise a little over what I paid for them which makes it worth it. <end>
 B000NZUX4U  Expressively Yours Bracelet - Live, Love, Laugh ||	  bracelet  Great thanks my grand daughter loved her new bracelet and Wants me to buy her another for her best friend.. <end>  Perfect present  All of these bracelets that I have bought are lovely. The cards that come with them are really cute and the bracelets themselves are beautiful. <end>  bracelet  Nice personal gift for a friend. Very nicely packaged. I bought 2 others as well with different sayings for other friends too. <end>  Great product  The wife loved this - it had her favorite saying, her favorite color and a heart on it. When she opened this for christmas she was thrilled. <end>  Review  It felt a little cheap and the clasp I think could have been made better; was hard to get on and off, but overall very cute and very nice. I really liked it and I might buy another one as a gift. <end>  is nice..  excellent design, very beautiful. recommended to give to friends and girlfriends.the colors are striking but sensillos simultaneously. a beauty. <end>  junk  It broke into little bits, stuff from the 99 cent store last longer, I am mad about this is was for my little sis who likes these type of things. <end>  Pretty!  Bracelet came in a very nice gift box and also in a plastic bag with a nice card and saying. I am giving the bracelet as part of a gift. I'm sure she will love it! <end>  Its nice  Nice bracelet, was a gift for mother's day. It felt a little cheap however. I guess you get what you pay for with this product. <end>  unhappy  Bought and wish i never had clasp broke first time my girlfriend put on.wont buy another thats for sure. Cost was more to ship back then i paid very unhappy <end>  I love this bracelet  One of my friends brought me a bracelet like this years ago. A part of the bracelet broke about a year ago. I was so estactic when I found the same bracelet on amazon. I was too lazy to find someone to fix the old one. The bracelet is beautiful. I love the words. The quality is great. The price was right and it came super fast. <end>  Beautiful  A great bracelet with writing on it we should all follow! I am going to order a few more of them. <end>  loved what this said  bought this for my sister for her birthday & she loved it. I got to her really fast cause it shipped from Little Rock, AR & she wears it all the time. <end>  Cheaply made  This bracelet was made very cheaply. The clasp broke the first time I wore it. Unfortunately, I did not wear it for the first time until after the return window closed. However, I am still going to return it for a partial refund because it is made very poorly. <end>  good!  my girlfriend loved it! she said it was a great charm bracelet! it got here fast and i haven't had a problem with it yet. so it good! <end>  Delightful present for a girl  Bought this for a girl's birthday party gift. It is beautiful, delicate, and charming. Perfect for a tween who likes jewelry. The package was very stylish! <end>  dmm pulsera  bella muy coqueta pulsera, cumple con todas lo indicado,Pulsera de vino en una caja de regalo muy bonito y tambi&eacute;n en una bolsa de pl&aacute;stico con una bonita tarjeta y diciendo. <end>  Beautiful  Works as advertised. Would recommend to anyone. Definitely works. Great deal shop nowhere else...this is all you need to get. <end>  Beautiful!!  I chose this rating, because the bracelet is beautiful, & came so prettily boxed!I thought about giving as a gift, but decided to keep it! <end>  Pretty, But Not Good Quality  I like things that say "Live Laugh Love," so my boyfriend got this for me for my birthday. After wearing it a few times, it was clear the quality isn't good. It got scratched, and looked tarnished/faded! And I only wore it to work, nothing crazy! <end>  A MUST HAVE!  THE QUALITY OF THE ITEM FOR THE PRICE IS LIKE OMG THIS HAS TO BE A JOKE. BUT WHEN MY GODMOTHER RC'D HER BRACELET. IT WAS PASS WORTH THE PRICE, IT IS VERY STURDY AND BEAUTIFUL SHE WEARS IT ALMOST EVERYDAY. THIS IS A MUST HAVE. <end>   )  I love my bracelet. I love the saying Live.Laugh.Love. I wear my bracelet every where and iv gotten many compliments on it. <end>  nice bracelet  I bought this bracelet for my girlfriend and she loved it. Great bracelet for the price and seems to be pretty durable <end>  This is a really beautiful and thoughtful gift!!!  I received this in the mail as a birthday present (my birthday is March 11th) from a guy I've been dating on and off, and I have to say it is a really beautiful piece of work. Not to mention it comes in a pretty gift box with an inspirational poem card inside, and plus it's really pretty. I love it so much that I will be ordering more! <end>  beautiful quality  this is a most beautiful bracelet. it is so much prettier in person than on the website. very well made..not just a cheap bracelet. i bought this for a gift and she was very pleased with this. thanks.. <end>  wonderful!  I bought these bracelets for my 12 year old daughter. She absolutely loves them. They are very pretty and the price was exceptional. Would highly recommend. <end>  Great  I ordered this item for a present and she was really happy with it. Great item and arrived in good time. <end>  Best gift ever  I purchased a few of these last year during Christmas, and they were a hit! Since then I think I have purchased over 20 of them in a variety of different sayings for different people and they LOVE them! From the design, to the beads to the adorable little box - these are a must have, and a must give!! <end>  Bracelet  This is a high quality piece of jewelry with easy-to-use clasp. It sparkles and is stunning on the wrist. The gift box it comes in is an added asset. <end>  plastic  these are plastic, not crystal or metal. Very disappointed. still waiting for the seller to respond so I can return it. Suitable as a childs gift. <end>  Inspires both giver and receiver with it's message....  ALL of these charm bracelets (and I've ordered most of them for friends, family and (I couldn't resist!) myself) are surprisingly lovely. Each comes in a silk-lined be-ribboned box with a little inspirational poem that matches the inspirational words engraved on the silver beads of the bracelet. A lovely keepsake and beautiful way to express your feelings and hopes for those you love. <end>  Gorgeous  This is my favourite saying of all time so this bracelet is very special to me. They say buy things you would love and give them to other people, so I did just that and she loved it too. Cute and casual yet very sentimental. <end>  Very lovely.  The bracelet is very attractive with a unique clasp at the end. The presentation box is outstanding and it will make a wonderful gift for several friends of mine.The perfect present for housesitters, petsitters and co-workers. <end>  SOOOOO CUTE!!!  I LOVE these bracelets!! I bought the green friendship one for 4 of my friends, my mother and grandmother around ST. Patricks Day. They LOVED them. The color is so rich and I LOVE charm. The clasp is easy to use and I have no fear of it falling off. I actually bought one for myself after I saw how cute they were. I bought the TEACHER one for my kids teachers, The NURSE one for their school nurse, and the PRETTY, PRETTY, PRINCESS one for my daughter. These bracelets are one of my favorite gifts to give. <end>  nice  Got this for my wife for Christmas as a stocking stuffer she has a lot of things that have that saying around the house so I thought it would be a perfect stocking gift for Christmas she loved it and I loved the price <end>  Lovely  Appropriate for anyone. My sister in law received this and loved it. Reminds her to not sweat the big stuff in life and remember to laugh each day. <end>  cute and well made...  I bought this for my young female cousin for a Christmas present. I was pleasantly surprised by just what a great product this was for such a cheap price. I expected the material of the bracelet to look cheap. However, it could fool anyone to think that it was a $40 item. I also loved the little quote inside of the gift box (that came with it). By the way, the box was really nice too! <end>  wonderful gift!!!!  I can't believe how fast my order came! I literally ordered this on the 13th and I got it yesterday... 3-6 from now the original delivery date. I love it. I bought this for my cousins birthday and she loved it  )Thanks for such a wonderful presentation! Very pretty  ) <end>  Love it  I really like these bracelets. They fit nicely and look great. I recieved a lot of compliments on these. I will be buying more. Thank you. <end>  Beautiful Bracelet, Great Messages  I love this bracelet! The bracelet itself is, of course, gorgeous. It's so pretty and the red beads make it stand out even more. The words carved into it match the message in the box. Now it comes in a very cute little box that makes great for gifts. And the best thing is the message. I love it. It's a great buy! Great for birthday presents, Christmas presents and presents for yourself ;) <end>
 B000NZX5ZY  XPY 14k Yellow Gold Created Ruby Heart Devil Pendant with Diamond Accent, 18" ||	  So "devilishy" cute!  I brought this for my daughter and she just loved. I think it is a perfect size and the lab created ruby has a lot of shine and sparkle for not being the real thing. I wish the chain was a little heavier but it still looks nice. Please note that the stone sits high in the setting. Check out the pictures I posted to see how it looks as worn. This is a great gift to give to that "little devil" in your life. <end>  Cute  This is a cute pendant and a steal at $63 shipped. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the gold chain is very thin but what could one expect at that price? For what I paid it's a good price for the pendant alone. I am going to use one of my own chains because I am afraid that one little tug and the chain will break and bye bye pendant -- that's how thin it is. Like the other reviewers, the pendant was larger than I expected. Don't get me wrong, it's not large by any means but from the measurments I was expecting something the diameter of a pencil eraser and it is a bit larger. I will take a picture within the next couple of days next to a dime for perspective and post it under user images. <end>  Devilish Delight  The ruby heart with horns and tail sounded tacky, but I was getting it for a dear friend known as the "Little Dikkins", so was appropriate. Imagine my surprise when I received the necklace and found that it was not at all tacky, and in fact was so cute I wanted to keep it for myself!The stone is large, the setting is deceptively sturdy but looks delicate, and it is just gorgeous overall. I highly recommend this item for anyone who likes hearts, red stones, or "dikkins" type items. <end>  Cute but...  I loved this when I saw a photo of it in an email sale. I did order it and was disapointed that it doesn't hang right on the chain. The pendant wants to tip forward. When it does this you can't see the pendant corectly and it loses it's appeal. I tried to put it on another chain an it did a little (very little) bit better. If you want it to lay right you have to play with it constantly (every time you move). I really liked the idea of it being a little devil and all so I wore it for the first week then I was tired of fussing with it. It didn't get the reaction I thought it would because no one can tell what it is. My husband didn't even notice the cute little devil theme! <end>  Very Happy With The Devil Heart Pendant  Excellent just what I expected! Received item within 4 days after order placed. Feminine but evil. I loved it and she did to. <end>  Chain is a joke...  The ruby heart devil pendant arrived this afternoon, in time for Valentine's Day, but I'll have to buy a new gold chain before I give it to my wife.The pendant itself is beautiful, and just as pictured, but the chain that came with it is of a thickness that is only about 1/4, or less, the size needed for a pendant of this size and weight.The chain is barely a "chain" and is far too small and fragile to use for any other application or purpose. <end>  I LOVE IT!!!  I think this pendent is adorable, I'm 28 and I love it. The pendent is very well made, not cheap and flimsy, sturdy. The stone is awesome, very clear, I think it has a dark pink hue to it that I like, I wear more pink than red. The chain is ok. The only reason it did't score a five is the clasp is kinda flimsy, It's not a lobster clasp or one of them that locks, it's the little circle with the pull back spring lever ones, you know, you use you'r thumb nail to pull back the lever and the little cicle opens up, you let go and it closes, not sure of it's technical term. I can't expect alot for $59.99 with shipping. BUT VERY WELL WORTH IT. <end>  She likes it  I recently got this necklace for my fiance. You'll need a new chain but the pendant is well made. When I read the dimensions I thought it may be small but it's a good size. This is a nice piece of jewelry at a great price. <end>  14k Yellow Gold Ruby Heart Devil Pendant w/Diamond Accent  Love the pendant. It is unique. The chain it came on is very thin and too delicate for the pendant. I purchased a bit stronger chain and it works well. <end>  Cute Necklace  Cute necklace. The ruby was larger than I expected. Pendant is well made, and the ruby has a nice color to it. Would be perfect to wear for Halloween. <end>  Cute necklace with reasonable price.  This one is very cute. My girl friend liked this.You'll love the devil's tail. But the chain is too thin so be careful. <end>  Beautiful little gem  I bought this for my 16 year old. Perfect for a lovely devilish girl! Horns and tail are so tiny that only she (and loved ones) see the humor in this beautiful delicate necklace!Quick delivery, pretty jewel case. <end>  Very beautiful  These were shipped same day and recived the next. Beautiful design and clear stone. THis will make a great charm <end>  Nice  Nice jewelry good design but as it looks in the picture it looks big, but when i buy it , it looks very small its a good gift for teenager not ur wifeI like the design but not good gift for a real lady4 stars it is <end>  devil pendant  absolutely beautiful delicate dainty pendant and chain. personally prefer shorter chains but thats no big deal. would highly recommend this for someones 'little devil" or themselves. <end>  chain is a little thin  I was pleased with this piece. The only complaint that I have is that the chain is a little thin and cheap feeling. The sapphire was clear of inclusions and a nice ruby and the setting was good. Overall, I thought that it was a good value. <end>  very pretty  This is really pretty. Picture does not do justice to the actual thing.You can wear it at work, or to a party.If you wear it by itself, with no ear rings, the beauty of this piece is truly highlighted.I plan to wear it for many days to come.I have many pendants, but if I want to wear something special, I always think of this. <end>  very cute  It's smaller than I expected, but absolutely adorable. I am going to get a new chain for it because the chain is so beautiful and delicate. I have knoted the chain twice already. The size is nice for everyday or with another delicate looking piece that wouldn't overwhelm it. My 10 year old granddaughter Natalie, wants it very badly. She'll have to wait till she's alot older to swipe it from me!!! I'd buy it again!! <end>  Ruby Neclace  Have had many compliments. Chain could be thicker, but the Ruby pendant is perfect for me. Love the detail of the horns and tail. <end>  Love it!  Cute design that conveys my personality and deep, brilliant color. I don't think I'd want it to be that big or attention-getting (some customers are saying it's too small or that people can't tell what it is unless they're up close) as that would be garish. It is already skirting the bounds of good taste, and I wear it mostly for me and people who would be getting close to me anyway! The chain is flimsy as some have mentioned, but I already had a chain I wanted to wear it on, so it didn't matter to me. For that I deduct a star. I also bought it for $60, which makes it, for me, worth it. I wouldn't have bought it sight unseen at its full price. <end>  Beautiful!  I was really interested in the pendant from this purchase. It's my birthstone and my mom says that it matches my personality. A little devlish. The only thing I didn't like is the cheap chain. I'm on the search for a new one that holds that huge ruby up. Still very satisfied with my purchase and the price I paid. <end>  Little Imp Necklace  This is my favorite piece of jewelry! I love it. It's a nice size and very unusual. It looks terrific with the ruby heart shaped earrings. I would highly recommend. <end>  adorable  this was a gift for my mom, i didnt actually see the necklace, it was shipped straight to her, but she loves it. she says she gets alot of compliments on it, i might have to buy one for myself it so cute. <end>  sweet  this is the sweetest little necklace. My neice loved it. I purchased this item very close to christmas and was shocked that you delivered before christmas. You guys are great... <end>  My daughter loved it!  Beautiful pendant and good price. The only thing I would complain about is the chain is way too flimsy and has to be replaced. But it was fast shipping and excellent product. Always satisfied when using Amazon. <end>  Very cute  This is a very cute pendant, like the others the ruby seems larger than I thought it would be even though I checked the measurements given. I think it's because the tail and horns are set back from the ruby rather being even with it. I'm not sure that it will go with the outfit I bought it to match because it has quite a pink rather than deep red undertone, but it will be lovely to wear anyway. <end>  great!  purchased this for my college-aged daughter- she loves it! very pretty, nice quality for the price! <end>  Devil heart  Cute butTiny chain, the heart keeps flipping over,and the fake ruby is cut really bad. <end>  Ruby Heart Devil Pendant  First off it was shipped us mail and sat in my mail box along the hwy fortwo days with no protection. The box it came in was cheap looking. The pendantis hard to make out the devil horns and tail with out looking at it real close.the fake rubby looks good if you dont look to close. I bought it for my wife forChristmas I paid 140.00 us dollars and the day after christmas amazon had it on sale for 90.00 us dollars that burns my ass. My wife keeps it in her junk jewelry box not in her good jewelry box. Don't think she liked it much. Looks much better in Picture. A disapointing purchase all the way a round [[ASIN B000NZX5ZY 14k Yellow Gold Lab-Created Ruby Heart Devil Pendant w/ Diamond Accent, 18"] <end>  Nice piece  Length   0 51 MinsThis is a short video describing my opinion about the lab created ruby pendant with diamond accent on the 14k gold chain.14k Yellow Gold Lab-Created Ruby Heart Devil Pendant with Diamond-Accent, 18" <end>  not happy with this necklace  ok i recieved this necklace for valentines day. First off, it was very cheap looking and feeling and missing the diamond accent on the tail. DEFINATLEY NOT worth $159. Please DO NOT waste your money!!! I gift returned this necklace the day after i recieved it and two weeks later my boyfriend received an email stating that if he doesn't get a letter about the return by march 16 contact them back. i'm dissapointed in the product and service i received with this order because i have had no problems with amazon in the past. <end>  I love the pendant but I need it in white gold or silver  I apologize since this isn't really a review it is more of a request. I couldn't find anywhere to request that this item and the blue one be made in a white gold or silver setting. I would probably buy them both if that was the case. Anyone know how to make a request to Amazon?I love the design but I do not like Yellow Gold. I would appreciate any help. Thanks in advance! <end>  Devil Pendant Review  I loved it the moment it arrived, will make an excellent addition to my anklet, the necklace is a bonus! ! ! <end>  Exaggeration  It is a very attractive-- tiny -- piece of jewlery. To look at the picture of both, the pendant and chain, I expected a larger piece of jewelry.She already had to replace the chain. Item is totally misrepresented in the illustration.Thank you, you got me once, never again. <end>  devilish pendant  Love it!! Chain is a little dainty but I just changed it out and really love wearing it. It is an attention getter and people love to ask about it. I definately recommend it. <end>  Cute Li'l Devil  I thought this item was cute when I saw it on the site...I was actually looking at another item but they had a deal and got both. This pendant is absolutely PERFECT for someone who is petite. The stone is larger than what I expected but it's still a good size...not too big OR small. The item looks even better in person than in the pics! I can't wait to wear it! I think this would make an absolutely perfect gift for maybe a tween age daughter for Valentine's Day. <end>  Not worth it  I think the picture looks way better, it's really small and more for a little girl, the chain is way 2 thin so i changed it with another but it doesnt sit right on the chain and tips forward. i wore this for new years and nobody noticed wut it wuz they had 2 get real close to acually see it <end>  it sucks  it should've said sumtin about the size of it. I'm embarrassed to give it to my girl for a christmas gift, and to make matters worse right after i bought it for a 90 dollars it went on sale for 40 or 50 bucks, now i wish i hadn't bought it, and i can't return it back because i don't live in the states <end>  Cute Necklace!  Cute necklace, the actual chain is very light and possibly easily breakable, so I have done what others have and placed it on a stronger gold chain of my own. The pendant is so cute and not big at all! <end>  Nice Size, but looked a little plasticy...  Nice size pendant, the horns and tail are very subtle, which I liked, but the stone looked almost plastic-like. Perfect for a teen, or young teen, but my wife likes it and wears it often. <end>  ABSOLUTELY STUNNING!  My husband and I have this little joke we have shared since we were dating in 1997  He is my little devil.This year for Valentine's day, he bought me this beautiful little "devil" to think of him when ever I wore it.It truly made me cry. Well, if you are noting the date it was bought that is because my housekeeper misplaced my necklace. I cried and cried when I realized it was lost, so I bought another. However I found the original so I decided to keep this one as a back up just in case.I really love my "little devil" (both of them!).R. Schu <end>  My Gal Loves it  The necklace was a Christmas present for My Gal..She absolutely loves it..The Ruby is cut very nicely,and She has gotten many compliments on it.. <end>  Excellent and fine jewelry  I wasn't sure to buy this item because most of the reviews this item has saids its too small... but I buy it anyways and I must say is just perfect, I buy it for my girlfriend and she loves it too. its not small it just have the perfect size, as a piece of jewelry of this kind should have. you must keep on mind it has to be delicated and attractive, not a road sign. I must add, everyone who has seen it likes it..... Ohh I almost forgot! yes! it will spin a little as you move. <end>  Devil Heart Pendant  I gave this item for a Christmas present and my daughter loved it. It is very cute and she gets comments on it every time she wears it. <end>  Devil Love  My boyfriend knew I have had my eye on this for a long time. Last night he surprised me with it. I LOVE it! The pendant is beautiful!The chain is a little small so I just replaced it with a heavier one. <end>  BUY THIS FOR YOUR DEVIL WOMAN ;)  This is a really cute necklace. My son (18) bought it for his girlfriend (19) for Christmas. She loves rubies, and she's a little devilish ;) so it's perfect for her. He gave it to her early, and she's been wearing it every day ever since. She LOVES it! It's just the right size for a pendant - not sure why some are saying it's so small. The chain IS very fine; would probably be better if it were on a sturdier chain but it still works. The shipping was FAST - ordered on a Monday and it was here on Wednesday. Got a great deal, too - $54.99. Great piece of jewelry for that woman who's just a little bit unconventional. <end>  sexy red  This is a bright fiery hot red ruby necklace that I just love. Its different from any other jewelry piece that I have. I have received many compliments on it. <end>  Love This  My husband purchased this for me for Christmas '07. I call him "Lil Devil" or "Devious". It was fitting. The chain is a little flimsy and the clasp opens on its own at times. I tried to buy a larger, sturdier, chain but it will not fit through. The quality of the stones and settings are excellent. <end>  Great!  Bought this for my girl for valentines day, She loved it. thought it was very cute. Only complaint she had was the chain was a bit too long, It's also very thin and delicate. Overall It's worth every penny. <end>  It's ok  The chain is extremely thin, very dainty, and the pendent does not hang well, it wants to tip, top heavy.but it looks nice. <end>  Wonderful Purchase  The chain is to dainty for me, but I love the pendant!! Just put mine on another chain. I purchased two, one for myself and one for my co-worker could not be happier! It is just so unique and the sparkle factor gets a wow! <end>  product  The picture does this &#34;no justice.&#34; It is just beautiful. It looks soooo expensive. And so delicate. I just love it. I bought it for myself, just because I liked it. But I love it. Beautifully packaged. I am going to order two more for my step daughters, it will be a late Valentine's Day gift. <end>  Cute Charm!  This pendant is adorable. The chain is very thin, however. I don't dare sleep in it, and I am sure one day I'll snag it on something and lose the charm, so as soon as i have the opportunity I am looking for a heavier chain for this. <end>  The Red Ruby jumps right out at you!  I was hesitant to purchase this only because there are knock-offs that are a lot cheaper. The Red Ruby is absolutely beautiful & the 14k Gold makes it jump right out at you.  ) The pictures do not show the beauty of this heart! I am Completely Satisfied with this purchase.Shipping was free & yet it still arrived quickly! <end>  Devilishly Sweet  Gift has not been gotten to the recipient yet but I am sure she will love it. Good father to daughter gift! <end>  beautiful...  This pendant is pretty small, but it is very pretty. My wife loves it and I think she looks great wearing it. as others have mentioned, the chain is not the greatest, but I dont feel it detracts from it at all. <end>  A Beautiful Necklace  I bought this for my girlfriends 50th birthday and she absolutely loved it. It was very appropriate for her as she has such a big heart but also has a little "devil" in her too. I was a little worried at first by some of the reviews concerning the size of the pendant and chain. But I was pleasantly surprised to find this necklace was just right. The pendant is the perfect size (not too small and not too big) and even my 10 year old daughter immediately recognized the "devilish" aspects of the pendant. Even for a small pendant it still has decent weight in the hand, it just feels solid. And the Ruby was very nicely cut, symmetrical and clear with no apparent flaws. The chain is dainty (fine), but for her, it is no thinner than chains on many of her other necklaces so it was no big deal. She was able to put the necklace on with little effort, so no issues with the clasp. Overall I am very pleased with this necklace, as is my girlfriend, and would recommend it. <end>  great art work  My wife is an Angel but she wanted something different so we saw this and it's perfect. It matches her other Ruby red items <end>  Disappointed...  Ordered this pendant for my fiance. The picture makes this look adorable, however, it is very tiny. It was so tiny that she wasn't even sure what it was at first and had to look at the picture. Further, when she tried to wear it the pendant will not lay flat.We returned it without issue and will keep looking. <end>  Sassy!  Love it, so fit's my personality! Much better in person, pictures don't do it justice, it's absolutely cute and slightly naughty! I do agree with other folks complaint of the chain being very thin but for the price, getting another chain isn't an issue ;) <end>  LOVE IT  I love this necklace!!! It is just as pictured but I did change out the chain.It does fall forward somethimes but it is worth it for the look <end>  Not what ud expect...  i bought this necklace for a girl and when it came i was very disappointed. the picture they have displayed gives u a much different idea about the product. first off its very small and fragile looking,wats worse is it doesnt even lie flat when ur wearin it... <end>  Fantastic valentine gift - my wife loved it.  I was a hit with this great Valentine Day gift. Red is deep and the stone looks great. The setting is good and the horns and tail are a novelty my wife appreciated. If your wife/girl friend is a bit naughty then this is the perfect Valentine Day (or birthday, etc) Gift. I recommend to all the guys that want to score points. <end>  Charm is nice, chain is junk  I bought this for my girlfriend for Valentines day and she loved it. The "ruby" is a nice deep "pigeon blood" red that I prefer and it is just the right size. My only complaint is the chain which is very cheap and should not be used unless you want to lose the pendant. <end>  Very cute!  I saw this on amazon and added it to my wishlist. My sister-in-law was so wonderful to buy it for me for Christmas. When I opened it I was suprised it was larger than expected, but not at all in a bad way. I expected it to be really tiny, but it's the perfect size, not over powering at all.The horns and tail almost "disappear" in to it, so unless someone looks close or is really sharp and paying attention they might not notice the horns/tail. I think that adds to how cute it is. It's a little devilishly deceptive. SO cute! Great quality, although admittedly the chain is very, very thin, I had no intention on using the chain, because it would be too short for me.Definitely recommended!  ) <end>  awsome  this 14k Yellow Gold Lab Created Ruby Heart Devil Pendant w/ Diamond Accent, 18 is hot its sexy its new you havent seen nothing like this befor. <end>  Great Product, Good craftsmanship, needs a thicker chain.  It's a quality product with good craftsmanship, that I ordered for myself. Its a great addition to my jewerly collection but I had concerns about the thickness of the chain. Its pretty thin and could use a slightly thicker chain. I would definately order one again but would get a thicker chain to support it for everyday wear. <end>  A Devilish Necklace  This necklace is gorgeous. It was even more spectacular in person. The pendant does seem a little heavy for the chain but I will just use a different chain. I would highly recommend this necklace! <end>  Cute as hell  ALthough it's tiny, it possesses all the cuteness the picture shows. The chain that it comes with is very thin, so you might want to think about an alternative when buying. Not very thick, but hangs well on your neck. <end>  Meh...  The ruby doesn't look as deep and vividly red as a ruby should (in my opinion). It looks like a scarlet rhinestone, not an expensive lab created ruby. However, the overall appearance is enlightened with the horns and tail. Honestly, the tail (which held the diamond) was only pretty due to its gold plating. The 'diamond accent' looked like clear resin or glue they forgot to dab out of the spot. It's worth, $60, which I used my gift card on. Not worth the $120, or not at all worth the $400, but the appearance is cute yet mischievious. Still glad I bought it. <end>  great necklace for the price  I got this for my girlfriend as a birthday gift, and she loves it. The design is perfect for her personality, and she loves gold jewelry. I only gave it 4 stars because it got tarnished while just sitting in my closet for the 3 months that I had it prior to her birthday (I bought it as soon as I found it because I know how amazon prices are subject to change on a daily basis). I'm a guy that doesn't really wear too much jewelry, so I had no clue how to get rid of the black tarnish and had to look it up, and invest a few hours in figuring out a solution. That frustration is the only reason this product got 4 stars. It is great quality so far as I am concerned, and it is well worth the investment if you have a little devil in your life that would appreciate the gift. <end>  great pendant.  I love the ruby pendant altho u really can't see the small diamond set on it.The chain could have been made better.. its really flimsy and definitely doesn't go with the pendant.. the pendant doesn't have a hook of its own it hangs in the chain basis the gold on which it is set and often turns upside down due to the low quality of the chain. <end>  Love the lil Devil  the 18" chain is a bit too thin, so the pendant flips around... but if you put it on a chain that is a bit thicker it looks amazing! <end>  Naughty and Nice  Bought this for my wife, for Valentine's Day. She LOVED it. It looks great and goes with anything. It's whimsical appeal always brings comments. The price was great and the smile it gave my wife made for a great Valentine's Day. <end>  Cute pendant, something different.  a different thing for some fun with personal adornment. It is small and not too obvious the details yet it is quite a different piece of jewellery. <end>  A Unique Valentines gift  This was a perfect size necklace for me. It is a beautiful accessory and more unique than the usual advertised stuff. I received this as a Valentines gift and I love it. The only thing is the chain is very thin but that's not a problem for me since I will probably replace it with a stronger one. It looks just as pretty as it is shown. I have received alot of compliments on it. <end>  did not purchase on amazon, but same thing.  i love this, my sister and i bought them (hers is white with wings, and a halo.) ever since we were little, she was the 'sweetheart' hah, anyway we bought them right after christmas, at kmart for $39!! we wear them everyday, and i havnt had one problem with it. we get complimented on them daily too! i definitely recommend! <end>  Perfect for that little devil of yours  I was looking for the first piece of jewelry to buy for my serious girlfriend when I stumbled upon this piece. She isn't like any other girl i have ever dated, and I wanted to buy a piece that reflected both my attachment to her in a traditional yetn original manner. This piece looks classical and contemporary, and I felt it appropriate. I just received it, and the pendant is even more beautiful in person. It is, save for the heart shape, a ideal cut for shine and glitter. I bet she loves it. <end>  ruby heart devil  I bought this last year in Feb. and I went to put it on and the chain was broke off it. There is no way to fix it. Very upset about it because I really liked it. <end>  Devilishly clever!  I purchased this just a month ago and have enjoyed it immensely the few times I have worn it. It is very small on a thin chain. The chain is practically invisible so the charm sort of floats. It is sort of small so the devilish parts are not as obvious -- not without looking closely.Very pretty. <end>  Decent pendant  This is decent pendant, it has nice ruby attached to it but has a kind bigger base. <end>  Looks nice but is hard on chains  Product looks great and is nicely constructed, the issue is that it falls forward when worn due to design flaw. Also the end of the tail get caught on and breaks chains. We solved the issue by having a hoop added to the top of the piece in order to pass the chain through. My wife loves it but if I had to do over I would not purchase again, adding the hoop and having broken 2 chains is just too much hassle for a $160 pendant. <end>  Great Valentines Gift  Even though it was smaller than I had thought (it's always hard to gauge size from a web site), the pendant was a big hit with my wife. As an afterthought, I worried a little bit about the expense for a gift that might only be worn once a year. It turns out that my wife didn't see it as a Valentines Day only gift. She has worn it two times since as an accessory to red outfits (she likes the color).Very bright color to my non-jewelers eye. <end>  jewwel too heavy for the chain  jewel was larger than shown. Also too heavy for the chain as it does not lay right (tipped) on neckline <end>  design flaw  chain is too thin and it tends to flip downward does not display right on neck to show the details of pendant... <end>  XPY 14k Yellow Gold Created Ruby Heart Devil Pendant with Diamond  The Pendant was every thing that show on the screen,and it was beautiful, my gal, love it. I would buy again from your Amazon Curated Collection <end>  Cute but,  The way the chain is strung through the back makes it flip over too easily. Might have to add some sort of weight to the bottom or bend the mounts up a little to get it to stay in place. <end>  She Loved it  My Valentine was simply thrilled with this ruby necklace. The stone is relatively good size & being lab-created it is very affordable. The cute devil horns & pointy tail are relatively small so casual observers don't pick up on that from a distance. My Valentine liked the idea of those added attractions & it makes her feel extra sexy. Lol. <end>  best money I've spent  I love this thing, the chain needs to be replaced but the pendant is beautiful and I keep getting comments on it, I think I have to rate this one as the best amazon purchase to date. It's truely beautiful, finely cut and a tad bit devilish!!!!!! Love it! <end>  Beautiful  The ruby is beautiful. The piece is so cute. My only negative thought is that the necklace was placed in a velvet bag for shipping. When it was received the chain was in several knots. I would think a box would have been better for shipping. <end>  Great necklace. Quite small though.  The necklace is wonderful but, honestly it looks way better in the picture simply because then you can actually see all the designs in it without squinting. Overall my gf loved it and so do I. I just wish it was a little bigger. <end>  Cute!  The pendant is very cute.The chain it comes with is however not worth wearing.I have put it in my other regular gold chain and this looks pretty nice! <end>  Nice  Cute piece of jewelry. Quality is very nice. Received compliments on it. Wish the size was a little bigger and the chain could be thicker. Overall though, I'm glad I purchased it. <end>  Love it  I received this heart pendant as a gift a few years ago. To this day, it is still one of my most-frequently-worn pieces of jewelry. It never ceases to receive compliments (not kidding, probably received 25+ compliments on this pendant). The ruby is probably bigger than you realize, and often times complimenters don't realize it's a devil until I point it out, at which time it receives even *more* compliments. It's a unique gift and piece of jewelry. Go for it! <end>  Adorably naughty, (and nice!)  I love this necklace. The created ruby is large, well cut, and the perfect deep magenta.The devil detailing is subtle, and just right in proportion with the setting.Yes, the chain is thin. But, I haven't had a problem with it, no tangling, no snagging, and no worries of it breaking.The sparkle is very eye catching, and it's just such a fun pendant to wear at any time. <end>  Loving it  I got this for my daughter and she wears it every chance she gets. The ruby is a nice size and it is not so big that it would cause to much attention but when some one is up close they always catch a look and love it. I was alittle concerned with the chain which is very thin but is the right length. This is some thing that her friends now are asking about because they want one to. This is great for some one who is young at heart and does not to attract to much attention, with a over sized pendant so this is okay to wear with everyday things and at work and will still look acceptable. <end>  Playful little piece of jewelry!  I will tell you that I was back and forth on this piece...I loved it when I first purchased it, but agonized over it as it was in transit. It is almost too playful for the casual gift, and I tried to figure out what occasions she could wear it on. Do women like being seen as someone who would get a gift like this? I wasn't sure. Once it came, I was disappointed in the size of the pendant and the thickness of the chain...however, those fears disappeared as I saw her reaction to the gift. She absolutely loved it. She has admitted that there are only certain circumstances where it would be appropriate to wear, but she loves the attention that she gets when she puts it on...If you have a girl who loves to be asked about the things she is wearing, this is an excellent piece for her. I will say that there is a slight less over-the-top piece that I am going to write a review on that does not have the tail, and I think that is a safer play. However, if you are with a playful woman, you can't lose with this one.Enjoy Guys! <end>  it's adorable  I bought this for my daughter, a little devilish herself. It is cute and just a little different. I found the chain to be a little "delicate" but too much bigger might not go well with the pendant. Priced appropriately too. Ruby(red) was the best choice, considering the "devilish" theme. <end>
 B000NZY83C  14k White Gold Sapphire and Diamond Star Pendant (.09 cttw) ||	  Disappointed  Pretty, but tiny and poorly made  I've had so-so luck with buying jewelery over the Internet. One thing's for sure--the pieces are always smaller than I think they'll be. This piece is a little, itty-bitty star, around the size of a nickel. It is pretty, though  the colors are a nice combination. What upset me most was the construction. I assume the star-in-a-star should be one piece, but the diamond star in mine was loose from the sapphire outer star. I showed it to my wife, and she didn't think it was a big deal. She just sets one inside the other and sits it on her chest. Any moving around, however, dislodges the inner star, and it can become twisted. Jewelery on-line, other than from high-end stores with excellent reputations (Tiffany's, Cartier, etc.), is hit-or-miss, in my opinion. <end>  Fun necklace  I am really enjoying wearing this little necklace. The stars separate so you can wear them one at a time or nested together; it's not a defect that they come apart. The chain is very light, so it almost disappears, but the star is a nice size and shows up well. It's a sporty-looking pendant, good for national holidays or a nautical look. The reduced price is much more in keeping with the value; it's light weight and the stones are small. But it is nicely made and smooth to the touch. <end>
 B000O03P1W  Brown Hibiscus Painted Shell Necklace ||	  Beautiful  I'm always getting compliments on this necklace. Sits comfortably around my neck and I love that it's big! <end>
 B000O055OC  Gold Toned Cutout Star Dangle Earrings ||	  earrings  I guess I did not realize they were SO big. They are almost 2 inches in diameter. <end>
 B000O0C8N8  1T Cathedral Wedding Bridal Veil ||	  1T Bridal Veil  I was soooo unhappy with my purchase of this veil. It does look as it appears in the picture. The seller smokes and I could not get the smell of smoke out of this veil...I tried for 3 months. I had to buy a new veil. This seller can be trusted to give accurate photos and descriptions but beware of any material items you purchase. <end>  Loved it!  I got married in October of 2009 and ordered this a few months before my wedding. It was just what I wanted. Everyone complimented me on it. I loved it! <end>
 B000O0QNCA  Amazon.com  Kipepeo Silver Angel Wing Earrings  Clothing ||	  disappointed with the quality  the earrings look OK from a distance.i expected a lot better quality from a piece of silver jewelry for US $55 (+ $8.50 shipping + taxes). after looking up close at the wings I am not even sure that it's sterling silver, the color is uneven and it is not marked [925 or anything]. you can find a lot better sterling silver earrings for this price. <end>
 B000O1L9I2  10k White Gold "Mom" Heart Pendant (1/10 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity), 18" ||	  Ugh...not what I expected...  I don't know if I was delirious or just desperate when I purchased this. It was the Wednesday before Mother's Day and I was out of ideas (that's my only excuse).In any event, what I received was not nearly as attractive as the picture (and, now that I look at the picture again, it doesn't look so great there either).I am in the process of returning this now. I ended up giving my mother cash out of desperation (how tacky!).I've purchased a couple of rings through Amazon and was very pleased but, I would hesitate before buying another necklace. It is too difficult to tell the size and some necklaces (like this one) do not give the measurements of the pendant (and the chain was extremely flimsy). At the same time as this purchase, I also bought my sisters a "Mom" necklace (not this same one; a silver filigree mess that was just that; a mess.) The pendant was way larger than I expected and the chain was shorter (and, again, very flimsy). <end>  Very nice pendant  I received this pendant for Mother's Day and really like it. However, the chain broke almost immediately, so I had to replace that. Other than the substandard chain, I'm very pleased with the necklace. <end>  For Mom  I bought this for Mother's day, I think. My mom had to stop wearing it after a while because the clasp kept snagging on to the bed sheets or blanket and started getting loose. She changed the clasp and it worked better. My mom liked it and that's all that matters but she hasn't worn in a while. So maybe not as good as advertised. <end>  Perfect  It came right on time, exactly how it was described and my mom loved it! Thank You!! <end>
 B000O1RJDG  14k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Princess-Cut Diamond Pendant (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), 18" ||	  Simply Just Terrible!  It was such a good deal, that i don't mind taking a risk of purchasing this 14 k white gold 3 stone princess cut diamond pendant (1/2cttw, I-J color, I1-I2 clarity) for my mom; However, i regretted after seeing how crappy the diamonds are, i am so embarrasses to even think about giving it to my mom. The diamond doesn't sparkle at all, I have purchased a 1/2cttw diamond necklace (about the same specification) for about the same price as this one, and it was so much better than this! Please don't give this product to someone you love, because that's just rude and cruel. This item is definitely going back to Amazon, in fact, i can't wait to ship it back tomorrow! Seriously, i wouldn't pay more than a $100 for this necklace! <end>
 B000O1WV1G  14k Yellow Gold 3-Stone Princess-Cut Diamond Pendant (1/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity), 18" ||	  very nice  If you are looking for diamonds for that special someone, and are restricted to a $100-$200 budget, this pendant is a bargain.I was a bit leery about the I1-I2 clarity.. until I actually got the pendant. I could see the sparkle a good distance away. I bought it for my girlfriend.. and I haven't given it to her yet but I'm sure she'll love it. I'm usually pickier than her about jewelery haha.The craftsmanship was remarkably good, except for the chain, which is light and flimsy (as you'd expect from a free chain). If you're expecting this to get everyday use, by a separate chain. (a box chain would be the best option, as it goes very well with princess-cut diamonds) I happened to have a 1-mm spiga chain, and that worked just fine.I'd returned a necklace before, to Netaya, because of very visible inclusions, but that diamond was I3. In general, at all costs, stay away from I3, unless you are buying tiny (&lt;1/20ct) diamonds. Then it doesn't really matter what clarity they are.Now, it could be that this pendant is a hit or miss. I just had a very very good personal experience with it. It complements14K Yellow Gold Princess Diamond 4-Prong Stud Earrings (1/4ctw, J-K, I2-I3)very well if you want an added bonus for just 100 more.The pendant is small but not ridiculously tiny. My girlfriend happens to be barely five feet, so the size is ideal. It's about as long as a penny is wide, if you want an idea. A lovely anniversary present. <end>
 B000O3ED06  10k White Gold Journey Circle Pendant (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  10k White Gold Journey Circle Pendant (1/2 cttw, H-I Color, I3 Clarity)  Cheap quality and it shows in the clarity of the diamonds or rather the lack therof. The old adage is right> You get what you pay for. <end>  We returned it  I have always been 100% satisified with Amazon but this item was low quality and we returned it. My first bad review for a product from this nearly perfect online shopping site.Diamonds very low quality and just looked like it came out of a gum ball machine.Amazon gladly refunded money and paid to ship it back. <end>  Not worth the price  If you want to impress someone with a thoughtful and small jewellery, this is not it. My wife didnt like it, didnt event look like (real) diamonds. Dont buy it <end>
 B000O3GM46  GENUINE AMETHYST QUARTZ stone chip stretch BRACELET ||	  Lovely pink quartz and amethyst bracelet, I recommend !  I am so glad that I bought this bracelet that I wear it almost every day. It is rather discreet and yet original look, so I like it very much. Furthermore I am very interested in lithotherapy, so both pink quartz and amethyst form a wonderful combination to be happy as well as elegant  -) <end>
 B000O3KH7Y  Cleopatra Style 2.25 carats total weight Round Shape London Blue Topaz Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  disappointed  i was very disappointed it just seemed bigger and when i recieved it the gems were so small i couldn't see them it was a very small all around the picture was made to look alot bigger than what it was,i wanted to return it but i could not find the paper work and i did read all the info on it but was still surprised at the size of it. and now i am stuck with it,and i won't even give it as a gift to no one sorry but thats how i feel <end>
 B000O3KH9C  Luxurious Marquise & Round Shape White CZ Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Great quality CZ Diamonds  Great quality stones...clear and very well cut. The setting is a highly polished white gold finish. Another reviewer's husband purchased this necklace in peridot, as a gift for her, but couldn't wait and gave it to her as soon as he opened the box. I can understand why. This is one of my favorite designs. It's bold and yet it's not. What I mean to say is; it's light and feminine like a pendant, but it's so striking. Great design. The angle of the photograph is different than when actually wearing. <end>
 B000O3KHLU  Marvellous 5.00 carats total weight Marquise Shape Amethyst Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Very Nice  This was a gift for a friend and she raved about it. It's a nice gift for the money. <end>
 B000O3KHX8  Unique 4.50 carats total weight Pear & Round Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  In a word....Gorgeous!  This necklace is even more beautiful than the pictures can convey. The chain is very strong so you don't worry about it breaking. The Topaz Gemstones are a perfect blue and just elegant. I receive several compliments every time I wear it. <end>  Beautiful, high quality necklace!  This necklace is absolutely gorgeous! The chain is a nice, thick one, not too small and delicate. The stones are a very clear, vibrant blue. Can't wait to wear it for my wedding! <end>
 B000O3M1XW  Full Body 5.25 carats total weight Marquise Shape Garnet Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Beautiful Christmas Gift  Gorgeous necklace, deep red color, sparkles with brilliant fire, my husband picked a beautiful necklace for me this year. <end>
 B000O3M2BI  Elegant 3.00 carats total weight Round Shape London Blue Topaz Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Stunning  The London Blue Topaz necklace is, at once, delicate and stunning. The stones are of a deeper blue than the usual Blue Topaz, making this necklace elegant and rich.It lays nicely around the neck and sparkles in the light of day and the ambient light of evening. We bought this necklace, to accompany a ring and earrings, as a birthday gift for our daughter. She is thrilled with the set and states she can wear it for casual occasions as well as for the most fancy of evening affairs. We are most pleased with our purchase and would not hesitate to buy from this company again. <end>  It is very Sparkly  I like the necklace. It goes with a set I have. But, it seems a little too sparkly for natural London Blue topaz. It could be the round cut. The design is pretty and it matches my other things, OK, so I am keeping it. <end>
 B000O3M330  Classic Beauty 2.25 carats total weight Round Shape Amethyst Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Classic beauty!  I am very pleased with this purchase. The color of the stones is dark violet and has a great sparkle to it. Pretty long, too, more than an 1 inch in length. And you can't go wrong with free shipping! <end>
 B000O3M3FS  Trendy 3.75 carats total weight Oval Shape Garnet & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  nice but small  arrived on time as gift for party. looked bigger in ad. But worked ok. Gift for big person would have been better if a little larger. <end>
 B000O3MPZQ  MLB San Francisco Giants Dangle Earrings ||	  Let's go Giants!  These earrings are the perfect price for the perfect touch of 'fan'-fare to our game day wear!I picked up a couple pairs for my family, and they are a huge 'hit'. They don't feel cheap or flimsy, and are the perfect weight. (Not too heavy!)If you're considering getting them, go for it, you'll be knocking one out of the park! <end>  Giants earrings  I'm a giants fan to the core! These earrings are a perfect compliment to all of my giants fan gear. <end>  They are cute, but cheap!  They are cute, but cheap! They were bent when I received them. I would never order these again. Not at all what I expected. <end>  Wife Love's Them  They were purchased as stocking stuffers and she was ecsatic when she opened the package. The are exactly as described. <end>  Giants Fan loves them  I bought the earrings as a gift for a Giants fan who loved them and wears them often. Exactly as described. <end>  Nice Earrings!  My son's girlfriend is a huge Giants fan. She loved these earrings which she can wear all year long and not just to the games. <end>  go giants  earings are earings, it is what it is, i dunno why theres a minimum word count on here, thats stupid. <end>  SF Giants earrings  A set of very nice looking and well made earrings of my wifes favorite baseball team. She used to work with the team when they trained in Casa Grande, Arizona. <end>  Thanks.  Just what I expected, my daughter was well pleased, and she will be ready for the next season. Go Giants. <end>  SF  To any Giants fans this is a perfect gift to add a lil more glamor while still representing your team! Go Giants! <end>  giants earrings  these were bought as a stocking stuffer and they were adequate.........a good novelty item. so there . two more words required. <end>  Never got them  would like to say good about them but im just glad I got my money back after the whole thing <end>  Great Game Day Earrings  I'm not really a Giants fan, however I do manage to see a few games. I usually wear my shirt and cap. The earrings are just as described and a bargain for the price. My ears usually don't like cheapo earrings but these work fine for a few hrs of wear. Only gripe is that they don't come with the end pieces to keep them in place. I almost lost one on the first day I wore it were it not for it having been caught in my sweater. <end>  Worth the buy  Got this for an xmas gift for my gf. She hasn't wore them yet but was exctatic when she got them. They seem to be of gppd craftsman and a good size. Not to small and not to big. <end>  not as represented  earrings were not as pictured I kept them anyway because not time to get new ones before Christmas and they were cheap <end>  Fabuloius  As a dieharde SF Giants fan....these were an awesome stocking stuffer! Now I need a matching necklace and bracelet before spring training! <end>  Perfect gift  One happy Giants fan this Christmas! This was a great gift an extremely good price. Now we can work on a repeat! <end>  earrings  The product was fine. I was charged ~$5 for postage and when they arrived in an unprotected small envelope, there was a .65 cent stamp on it. They could have been damaged in the unprotected envelope but they weren't. Thanx, AWOR <end>  Exactly what i wanted  I chose a 5 star rating because the product was priced well and the quality of the product was good also. It ws shipped on time also. <end>  Have Your Ears Show Your Giants  After winning their second World Series in 3 years, every Giants fan with pierced ears needs a pair of these. Inexpensive way to say &#34;Go Giants&#34;! <end>  Wrong earrings  Ordered these for Christmas, when I opened them they were a different style. The ones I rec'd are squares with the sf in the middle. Not worth the hassle of driving to ups to ship them back.... <end>  Cute SF Giants Earrings  When your team wins the World Series, it is important to decorate your ear lobes with the team logo. These were inexpensive and cute. <end>  SF Giants earrings  These are great. Be sure to pinch them more closed after putting them on. I lost one the first time I wore them.A week later it was found between the seats in my car! Whew! That made me happy! <end>  SF Giants earrings  LOVE THEM! Very nicely made and very cute! I will be wearing them again next year when we win the World Series 2013. <end>  Giants Earrings  I was delighted that the earrings came as quickly as they did.........I was impressed with the great quality, perfect size...color was great... <end>  So cute! Go Giants!!  I pair these withBaseball Softball Post Stud Earrings Sterling Silver 5mm diameterin my 2nd hole. They go perfect with mySan Francisco Giants Logo Pendant Necklace - MLB Baseball Fan Shop Sports Team MerchandiseandMLB San Francisco Giants Opal Short Sleeve Raglan Deep V-Neck Synthetic Tee Women's! <end>  perfect for my wife - we love the Giants, so how can you go wrong?  What can I say - my wife looks absolutely beautiful in these SF Giant earrings...Of course, she's beautiful when she's not wearing them too...Can't wait to see her wear them to our first 2012 game. <end>  Happy Customer  I got this for a Christmas gift, Exactly what I expected, the only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is, I like to track my orders, and i was unable to do that with this. It took a little longer than expected to receive it, but it did arrive and i am happy. <end>
 B000O3MQ2S  NCAA LSU Tigers Dangle Earrings ||	  geaux tigers  these were perfect for my cousins graduation present from LSU. They were really cute and the perfect size. She loved them and so did I. I will def order another pair for myself <end>  tiger earrings  For the price, these earrings were exactly what I wanted to wear to my Grandson's termite Tiger football games. PS Their team won the county champioship and the Charlie Batch tri-county championship <end>  LSU earrings good product  These earrings were purchased as a Christmas gift. They were exactly as described. Very cute and seem to be good quality. The price was excellent, much better than at the local stores. <end>  Great Gift  These Earrings are the perfect gift for all my LSU fans! They are perfect for game day! I ordered them prior to last weeks game and they arrived prior to the game! Geaux Tigers!!! <end>
 B000O3NETC  Flower Design 11.25 carats total weight Round Shape Garnet & White CZ Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Must have  Such a stunning necklace. You will get noticed. It sparkles like diamond. Definitely worth much more than this price. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Great Necklace  This is a stunning necklace! The stones are so very rich and brilliant. Every single stone matches perfectly. You should see the "fire" and "depth" of these stones....awesome. The gems are set like flowers, blooming around your neck....wonderfully designed. Substantial, it has a lot of carats and is extremely comfortable to wear. I purchased a tennis gemstone necklace from another company. It was pretty and had a lot of gem carats, but so uncomfortable, I had to return it.This necklace has awesome beauty. It's bold and feminine. You can wear this to a dress or black tie affair with some diamond stud earrings and feel like a million bucks. Peora sure makes some beautiful, quality jewelry. <end>  Beautiful  This necklace is simply beautiful and the picture does not do it justice. It is much prettier in person. I highly recommend people to buy this item if they are thinking about it. <end>
 B000O3NFEG  Unique 4.50 carats total weight Pear & Round Shape Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Dazzling!  This necklace is simply beautiful. The blue and green gemstones go well together. If you are looking for a piece of jewelry that is out of the ordinary, then buy this necklace! The seller shipped the item very quickly. Thank you, Peora! <end>
 B000O3P4A4  One of a Kind 5.25 carats Marquise & Round Shape Swiss Blue Topaz Multi-Gemstone Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Stunning  This necklace is stunning....period. I Love It. The stone are rich and vibrant with a whole lot of "fire" The stones are not as dark as photographed. They are a rich medium blue. Over 5 carats of blue topaz makes a nice size necklace. It has "wow" factor. The chain is strong and the stones are set with outstanding workmanship. Sometimes marquise stones set on an angle have a tendency to "pop out" You won't have to worry about that with this necklace. It has been inlayed in the metal, as well as prong set. Very secure. Quality workmanship.I use to sell fine jewelry and I'll tell you, this seller makes some top quality jewelry. It doesn't just look good, it is very good. I've purchased 12 pieces from this seller---all of it is beautiful...quality at unbelievable prices. <end>
 B000O3P5M6  Trendy Oval Shape Created Sapphire & White CZ Pendant Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Okay, but not great  I really wanted a blue sapphire necklace. Unfortunately, the sapphires look black, even if you hold them up to the light. It is a pretty necklace, so I decided to keep it. Still looking for blue sapphires that are blue in person, not just in the picture. <end>
 B000O3PTE0  MLB New York Yankees Rubber Cord Necklace ||	  HUGE!  This thing is HUGE!!! Like bad huge, I really like it but I could never wear it without looking like trash, the pendent is about the size of an old 1/2 dollar... <end>
 B000O3RL8C  NCAA Kentucky Wildcats Dangle Earrings ||	  GO CATS!  These earring are really cute & fun to wear. The metal on them is more of a dull grey and less than a silver. Other than that, they are exactly as they appear in the add and less expensive than alot of other sites. They also shipped very quicky! <end>  great deal  Good product for the price she liked them. Good gift I recommend them if you know someone thats a UK fan <end>  Great Product!  These earings are very cute, good sized and wonderful for game day, football parties, or just going out on the town, to the store! They get the point accross ! ( <end>  Merry Christmas to ME  Bought these for myself for Christmas. Only piece of UK jewelry that I have (so far). Not the fanciest earrings, but I will LOVE wearing them <end>  ok product  these earrings are ok, the packaging they came in wasn't very good but the product itself seems to be ok <end>  Licensed UK Product  I was disappointed in this product. I expected better being a licensed product. Just not what I had thought they would look like. <end>  uk ear rings  JUST THE RIGHT SIZE. NICE QUALITY AND VERY ATTRACTIVE STYLE. OF COURSE,DEPICTING THE OUTSTANDING UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY WILDCATS IS ALWAYS A WINNER ! <end>
 B000OB7PDK  Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Garnet Drop Pendant on Silk Cord ||	  Looks plastic. Disappointed.  The pearl doesn't look real, has a pinkish hue, and is much larger than in the picture. It overpowers the garnet. Overall, the pendant is not attractive. The cord is pretty but I cannot swap out the pendant to wear any other pendant on the cord. I returned this item the same day that I received it. <end>  Cheap looking  I don't know what I was expecting, something maybe a bit larger/heavier. I have been looking for bridesmaid gifts- the reason for my purchase- but this doesn't fit my need. I prefer a larger pendant portion. <end>
 B000OB9JRK  Dyed Carnelian and Freshwater Cultured Pearl Triple-Strand Necklace ||	  Beautiful, substantial necklace  Purchased this as a gift for my mother and she loved it. It is very nice and uniquely styled. It is a substantial piece of jewelry though--it is heavy, but this is more a reflection of the genuine stones used. <end>  Beautiful necklace  This is a beautiful necklace. It goes well with a variety of my wife's outfits. <end>
 B000OB9JWA  Freshwater Cultured Coin Pearl, Peridot, and Amethyst Double-Strand Necklace ||	  Perhaps You Get what you pay for  I read both reviews and thought the price was way too good to resist and I am looking for interesting and shippable items for my family overseas. It is definitely what I expected, no I was not expecting pearls, it does not pretend to be that. But I did not expect to take them out of the sack and find that some of the 'pearls' had already broken off.Mind you I can wear it, but I would hate to ship this to my sister as her gift and find that she opens it to see more 'pearls' broken off. I am not recommending that anyone buy this, although it does look 'pretty'. It is not even durable enough to survive as cheap costume stuff.Well I am off to locate a decent gift for my sister who certainly deserves more than this. <end>  Big Teeth  This is kind of a nice necklace. The problem is that the quality of the pearls isn't the same as pictured (even when you spot the flaws). For instance, the one I purchased has several misshapened pearls. They looked like big, flat molars. I couldn't get over this and had to return this item. <end>  Beautiful necklace; attracts LOTS of attention!  This is a necklace I bought on a whim, but it turned out to be one of the best necklace purchases I've made. It's definitely heavier than my other necklaces, but I got used to that part very quickly. This necklace attracted lots and lots of attention and compliments right away - and looks stunning. <end>  Freshwater pearl necklace  I ordered this necklace for my daughter's birthday (she's 29)I'm not sure that my expectations were too high but not only was I thrilled, but she was as well. I often judge jewlrey's quality by the "classiness" of the clasp and this one was a simple but elegant toggle.Really nice piece. <end>  For Bridesmaids  I bought 6 necklaces as gifts for my bridesmaids to wear at my wedding. The picture was beautiful and the peridot would have gone well with the olive green dresses. When they arrived yesterday, I found the same problems several others had, such as  one had a missing stone and most pearls-did in fact look like molars (every strange). I did have one necklace that looked as pictured. So, if you take a chance you may get a good one, but 1 in 6 odds are not that great. <end>  "freshwater" necklace  Very distinctive necklace. Great for the price. Only wish it could be worn as a single strand. My wife loves it and so do I. <end>  not what I thought it would look like  The price I paid was great for what I hoped I was getting. When the necklace arrived the fresh water pearls were so ugly, they were much larger then the picture showed and they had pointed ends....very weird shaped. I have never worn the necklace, it will remain in the box until my little girl wants to wear some play jewelry. <end>  While it's pretty online...In person...  It's too bad that this necklace didn't work out for a gift to my mom. While it shows certain colors online, it came with different colored stones mingled in, which looked a bit funny. Also, it was very heavy and a bit awkward with the way it was beaded (Doubled). It could very well be a great necklace if it was a bit lighter and the colors were true to the description. We sent it back  ( <end>
 B000OB9KAG  Freshwater Cultured Pearl and Amethyst Drop Pendant on Silk Cord ||	  Very Good Value! Pretty Pendant!  This is a very simple and pretty pendant. The Pearl and Amethyst stone are good size and of high quality. The Silk Cord is very nice and looks like it will hold up well, but the "clasp" is simply a hoop that the knotted end of the cord goes through so I worry about it becoming loose with ware...only time will tell.Overall, a great value and highly recommended! <end>
 B000OC27OQ  Sterling Silver 3-Stone Simulated Diamond Ring ||	  Very pretty ring  I recently bought this ring and it is beautiful. Definitely worth the price. I unfortunately measured my ring size too big so it was too big on me but I gave it to my girlfriend and she loves it. It looks very real and is so shiny and pretty. <end>  GREAT RING!!!!  I received this ring last week and I am completely pleased with it! It looks alot better than the picture. The stones look really big and it really is shiny just as the other reviewers said. I was sure to read the reviews before I bought it and now I'm really glad i did! I got complimented on it today and the person thought I had gotten it from a special someone. Actually I bought this as a gift to myself lol! It looks that good. I highly recommend it. It is a great ring for the price. <end>  Gorgeous Ring  Absolutely gorgeous ring! Exceeded my expectations for the price. So shiny, looks great on finger. Anyone who purchases this product will not be disappointed. Would highly recommend seller! <end>  Quality isn't what I expected  The product was very inexpensive, but I expected the ring to be a little more like the picture made it out to look like. When we first received it, I could immediately tell it looked really fake. The only reason I rated it a two, and not a one, is because of the price. <end>  Poor quality  Silver is nice, but stones are nowhere near believable. Just clear glass - no sparkle. Glad I wasn't expecting much. Would not purchase this item again. <end>  love it  This is very very real looking. Last during washes- Four kids and a busy life. So worth the money! Get it! <end>  What a stunning ring!  This 3 stone ring is stunning. It looks absolutely as real as the real thing. I've worn it constantly since I bought it, in the shower, washing dishes and doing laundry, and still it shines like real diamonds. The band looks more like white gold than sterling silver next to my other sterling silver rings. The setting is not too high, so it doesn't catch on things either. I would totally recommend this ring to any jewellery lover! <end>  BLING!  Very pretty ring. I find no faults with it. Haven't taken it off since I got it. I've just started wearing silver, and this piece is a nice addition. <end>  Love this ring!  Ok can I just say that I may never remove this ring! It is more beautiful than I expected. It shines like crazy. The size does seem to be about a half size larger. It does not sit too high on my finger. Glad I purchased it. <end>  Love It  I just got my ring today and it definitely exceeded my expectations for the price I paid for it. I was amazed at how the stones sparkle. This is definitely quality cubic zirconia. I would recommend this ring to anyone who's looking for sparkle and shine without the huge price tag of real diamonds. Love it. <end>  Great Purchase  This a great buy. It has all the glamor of diamond without the high cost. Its Cubic Zirconia at its best. <end>  Beautiful  I love it! Hasn't tarnished and wear it daily. I also like that it was bigger than I thought it was going to be. <end>  Happy and Cant Wait to Wear It  I havent worn it out yet but I plan to at my 21st birthday party. I think It will add a nice sparkle to my dress along with other accessories.I like the size of the ring and diamonds. Not too big and not too small. I did place it on my finger and it looks adorable.I hope I dont have any problems with the diamond falling out like other customers. I'll update if I do, otherwise its holding up great! <end>  Cheap but not cheap looking  We were very impressed with the bling for the cost. This ring is well worth the price. We would buy it again. <end>  ok  you get what your paying for is the only way i can put it. ok ring for the price. might buy again dont know <end>  AMAZING RING  This is a fantastic buy for a beautiful ring. It is truly Sterling Silver and I have been wearing it for a couple of months now and it has not turned color (which happens often to me). I use this as a replacement ring as my original engagement ring was stolen. You will not be disappointed. It looks like the real deal and is believable. Great value! <end>  ring  I love this ring i dont were rings at all but i were this one everyday i just love how it looks and how it just fits right <end>  sparkling fun ring for short term  This is a very fun ring to wear, it's very comfortable to wear, but over time any sterling silver ring needs polishing. And most CZs don't look great over the long term. But for the short term, this is a lot of fun and sparkle. I still wear my ring from time to time. <end>  It's just alright..  It is okay for the price. I will wear it out in the evening, but it doesn't look real at all. <end>  Simply Beautiful  This ring is so beautiful. I'm extremely pleased with my order. I get more compliments on it, even more than my diamond wedding ring! Enough said! <end>  great  i bought this for my mom fearing that what people review were saying was true but when i recived it it was PERFECT <end>  Lovely Ring  This ring is a beautiful piece of jewelry. I wear it all the time. I received it in just a few days. I love it. <end>  better than expected  I bought this ring as a 'back-up' ring (like many other reviewers) not expecting much. I thought 'what the heck it's so cheap, how bad can it be?' It was exactly like it looks, Now I haven't had it long, so I don't know if my finger will turn green in a few months, but I have had it for about a week. The fit was perfect for the size I ordered. The CZ's are beautiful, well set. The metal part of the ring-I don't know that it is really silver-appears to look like Silver. Much better quality than what you'd buy in Mexico in their 'Silver' department, and for a lot less. Will I wear this one all the time? No, but it'll do for what I bought it for, and I would recommend it. <end>  Great Ring  I purchased this ring so that I'd have a wedding ring while pregnant (due to swelling my ring no longer fits). This ring is fantastic. It's light weight and sparkles. It's a great ring for the price. I wouldn't suggest it as a primary wedding ring but it works as an inexpensive replacement (ie  vacation ring, pregnancy ring, ring so you look married so guys don't hit on you at the bar) ;) <end>  Lovely Ring  perfict size and it absolutely shines! I usally wear a size 7.5 but the 7 fits great, so order accordingly. <end>  perfect for everyday  this ring is just the right one for everyone who want a beautiful ring on there hand that it will catch everyone's attention. <end>  Beautiful, not very believable  I ordered this ring to wear in place of my real engagement ring when I travel. For $12 plus shipping, how can you really go wrong?True to size, the ring fits well enough and doesn't have a "spinning" problem so far as I can tell. The stones, while very sparkly, are a bit on the large side, perhaps too large to be believable if you're like me and have smaller hands and thin fingers. I'd put this baby around 3.5 carats, as far as the combined size of the stones goes - it definitely has a large stage presence! From a distance and under forgiving lights, this ring would certainly be a show stopper! However, once you get an up-close and personal look at it, it's easy to see that it is nothing more than plated metal and plastic stones. The ring is also stamped "China" on the inside of the shank. I know it's a cheap ring and all, but I'm a little off-put by the ominous "China" stamp. I hope the stones don't fall out of the setting before the ring has served its purpose. Bonus points if it doesn't turn my finger green.For a cheap and fun fashion ring, you can do much, much worse. I don't regret purchasing this ring, and I hope to get a few wears out of it over time. But if you really want something of affordable quality and durability, or something you can pass off as real diamonds, I'd suggest you keep looking. You might not find it with this. <end>  Stones are big and shiny  The stones are too big. So you cant pull it off as a real diamond. Its too shiny and bright. Especially at night light, it gives out shiny rainbow colors which i liked about it. Its nice for a night out at dim light. Will definitely draw attention. Will look good with matching accessories.Update  I love this ring so much I never take it off. <end>  nice ring  this ring is really lovely, but it's nothing special. The band is very thin, which is contrary to what the picture would lead you to believe. It was delivered very quickly which was awesome. <end>  Big stones, slim band  The stones are really large. The center is about a carat and the 2 on the sides are each about a half carat. The band is really slim, about 2-3 mm at most. The stones sparkle really nicely. It's not the prettiest cut in the world but I have already gotten compliments on it after wearing it for a day. For the price, it's pretty nice. My co-worker commented that she thought it was real. It is passable.Arrived in good condition in a double layered box and then in a smaller blue box and was encased in a dark blue suede pouch. <end>  Great  I love it and I would not want any other ring but this one. It fits and it looks great on my finger. <end>  Awesome  I love this ring it fits right in with my jewelry that I wear and as long as I keep it clean and don't wear it just to show off it will last ...it will make a great gift <end>  michelle  This ring is good quality and it was very beautiful my brother in law ordered this for my sister for a christmas present she is going to love it. <end>  Pretty Ring  The ring is really pretty and has great brilliance in the sun, looks just as it's advertised. Great value for your money! <end>  Great buy  I love this ring, it looks amazing on my hand. Looking forward to getting some more great buys, I think I have another one on my wish list. Thank you for being there. <end>  incorrect carat wgt given.  I was told the tcw was 3.8 tcw.there is NO WAY this that high.I tought it was illegal to give false info.if its not illegal it should be <end>  There's a reason why 200+ people have bought this  I'm so pleased with this well made ring. It looks great and is not cartoonishly loud. I wear this ring every chance I get. Looks beautiful on and looks authentic. Its sparkle and shine makes me smile every time I see it. If you are wondering should you buy this, YES! I can't tell you the last time less than $20 made me this happy over and over again. <end>  With this ring  When I recieved this ring in the mail, my mouth dropped. It's so pretty! I think I stared at it all day. I'm so happy I got it. <end>  Brilliant ring  The ring is very pretty. Stones are a good size...not too large and not too small. I haven't worn it yet so I can say how it will hold up. <end>  3 stone cubic zirconia ring  I was quite surprised how nice the ring was.For the value it definitely is a good buy.The ring really sparkles. <end>  Beatiful  My girlfriend love it, it works for an anyday gift,, it is a very good detail, so so so good <end>  Too glitzy and looks too fake.  This ring sparkles way more then I would have expected and I thought it made it look fake which of course it is. I returned it partly because of that and partly because they did not have a larger size. I hoped it would fit my ring finger, but It would only fit my pinkie. I didn't like the way it looked there. <end>  Looks fake to me.....  Surprised after all of the great reviews that this ring wasn't as realistic as I thought it would be. It is too bright and clear and next to my real diamond just looks so different. The size is big for a seven - I can wear this on my middle finger instead of my ring finger which is normally a seven. It is not a ring that I would recommend. <end>  Doesn't look that good as picture  It looks really cheap in real. Just Like a plastic ring. The picture is a total deceit. Wasted my money. <end>  Beautiful ring!  I have received numerous compliments on this gorgeous ring. The only reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 was because between the stones is a small gap and on one side the gap is slightly bigger. It is probably not noticable to anyone else but due to my OCD tendencies, it does bug me a little. Otherwise, this ring is so nice, the silver is bright and the stones sparkle like real diamonds...very believable and well worth the minimal cost. <end>  Very lovely ring  It looks very good, but the stones are too large to look like real gems. If you want more of a costume jewelry look, it would be great. <end>  Stones are beautiful  I ordered this ring as an impulse and am really disappointed. You get what you pay for. The stoes are beautiful and bright with fantastic sparkle. The band and settings are thin and make the ring appear fake and cheap. I returned it. Also, the sizing runs big. I ordered a 6 and it spun completely around. <end>  wonderfullllll  I ordered 3 rings of this,in size 7,8,9 for some present with no real expectation, specially considering its low price. nevertheless, when they arrived in Italy , i was really surprised since it appears much better than in potos. they are really very sparkling and it is a pity because...being so sparkling anyone will immediately understand that they are not real diamond...ah..ah... <end>  Don't believe the other reviews!  This ring does not look real at all. It is not even close to a CZ. It looks more like glass. <end>  She liked it  Aside from it being not real and it saying china on the inside, it's pretty good. Very shiny. Should have gotten a 5 1/2 rather than a 6. Still, she enjoys it and isn't that what it's all about. <end>  Pretty fake looking...  I ordered this ring as a present for myself, but I returned it because it looked really fake--it looks like it came out a dime store the stones are too big, the silver band is too thin, and it was sized too large. Then I had to wait ages for Amazon to reimburse me (which they finally did, thank you!). <end>  hmmm...  I bought this for my girlfriend because i was short on money.. Everyone said it looked AMAZING!!but the only think i really hated on this product was the fact that it said ''Made in China'' engraved on the ringother than that i would highly recommend this ring.. its looks WAYYYYYYY better than the picture on amazon  ) <end>  very pretty ring  I love this ring, it's very very pretty, but after only 20 or so wearings the finishing started wearing off and looked horrible. I tried polishing it with silver polish (it is supposed to be sterling silver after all) and it made it worse. I am very disappointed. <end>  Ring  The ring is quite wonderful but my only complaint is that it broke just about a month into wearing it. My fiancee bought me this ring originally and I instantly fell in love with it. But the part that looped around the finger, cracked about 5-6 weeks in. I was so embarrassed that I quickly bought another to replace it. but just over a month into wearing it, it cracked in the same spot. I'm very careful with it and the crack isn't too bothersome (I haven't bought a replacement for the second ring). Do be warned though, when it cracked the second time it sounded more like plastic than metal. All and all, I really love the ring and for $12 I'll keep buying replacements if I have to. Several people assume they're real diamonds set in silver but on the inside it's stamped CZ so I don't take it off my finger when I'm showing it off. My first husband bought me a very expensive diamond ring with several small emeralds and my second bought me a ruby ring. Neither of those stacked up in comparison to this ring. I couldn't be happier. 3rd time's the charm.  ) <end>  Sucks  I regret buying this. A week after I got it, one of the side stones fell out. Not worth the money! <end>  GREATTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Not too many words can go into this review. I would like to keep it short and to the point. FABULOUS RING. Its the perfect size. its true to the sizes listed, and it isnt too tight. This ring is very elegant, but it is also good to wear as an everyday ring. Very pretty! <end>  dont waste ur money  I bought this ring for myself. I had it for 2 days and the middle stone came out and now i cant find it. so dont waste ur money on this ring go bet a better 1......... <end>  Began tarnishing after ONE WEEK!  I bought this ring for my gf because she likes nice looking jewelry that does not cost a lot (she is afraid she may lose it). I bought it for her as an Xmas gift. She loved the ring; which I bought in combination with a matching necklace and earrings from the same source (Amazon Curated Collection). By January 2, 2013 (barely a week after receiving the ring), my girlfriend informed me that it was already starting to tarnish.At first I was upset but then I though &#34;hmm, maybe it's pure silver and that's why it is tarnishing.&#34; I could not have been more wrong. The ring had begun to get holes and divots in the metal band. Inside and out! It looked more like it was rusting rather than tarnishing! Needless to say, I requested a return immediately.Additionally, the picture is deceptive of the ring itself. The inside of the band is not smooth metal that is flush with the rest of the ring. In actuality, the ring has a dug-out inside loop (where the palm part of the finger touches) and engraved in the dug-out section is the word &#34;CHINA&#34; in big, nasty letters. Makes the ring seem like I got it for her out of a 25 cent machine outside a grocery store. <end>  Ring  Very pretty; love it! Rec'd in a timely fashion. Quality is good. Very sparkling and beautiful. Fits just right and perfect! <end>  Sterling Silver ring  This was a little present for me. I love it. It was on time. This was exactly the company offered <end>  Looks real  I've had several people ask me whether this ring is real. The stones are very sparkly and the thin band is comfortable. <end>  Ring Sizement  I am not forsure this ring is an actual size 9 because i am a size 9 ring size and this ring is a tight fit! <end>  Patriot  You really cant beat this little stunning ring for the price, gave it to my mother as a gift, and she really likes it. Time will tell the tale if the ring holds up, however it is advertised as .925 sterling solid,not plated. If this holds true then I see no reason why it wouldnt hold up. Satisfied and would refer to a friend. <end>  Awesome  I ordered this ring to wear to work, because I don't want to wear my good one. However, when I opened my package, I was so impressed with how beautiful and shiny it is, I decided it should be only for special times. The band is perfect for my hand, it's narrow, and that is good because I am small boned. I love this ring, and was very impressed with it. Have many compliments on it already, and probably will be purchasing another for a gift. Thank you Amazon! <end>  More Beautiful than the photo.  This ring almost has a life of it's own.As soon as a light hits it,it comes alive. <end>  perfect  i bought this gift for my mom and i have a policy if more than 3 people give it one star i dont buy it but when i got it, it was perfect and my mom loved it. I would have been much more happy if it was wrap though <end>  CZ Ring  I gave this ring a shot at around $12.00, I know my jewlery, can't buy a real diamond ring at this price--the ring is quite pretty, very sparkly--people think it's real, I wear it and love it! <end>  Beautiful !  Beautiful, outstanding, perfect, fantastic, describes this ring. I have a small hand ( size 5) and its so hard finding a ring that doesnt look monsterous and fake... this one fills the bill perfectly. It has larger stones, but not so big that they look like my hand needs help to hold it up. I have a real one, but cant wear it cause I have lost a lot of weight and it doesnt fit anymore...so I wanted something that looked fantastic and this is it ! I had purchased one somewhere else, and it had to go back..looked like pure junk. This ring is just lovely...really. Im sure it would look lovely on a large hand too. It is shiny and bright.. just what I wanted. The price, are you kidding me ! This is a no brainer folks. Get it while you can. Im so glad I did. <end>  You get what you pay for.  For an inexpensive CZ ring, it's exactly what I expected. The gems are a little too sparkly to be real diamonds, but it's a very pretty ring. My wife is wearing it while she loses the baby weight that forced her to stop wearing her real engagement ring. She's happy to have a "diamond" ring again. It made a great, unexpected stocking stuffer for Christmas. <end>  A wonderful promise ring.  Well lets get the fact portions out of the way for you review skimmers. This is a wonderful ring with a amazing silver band, stones that shine very bright, plus all 3 stones are the same size and cut.Now this is the part where I tell my little story. I got this ring as a promise ring for my girlfriend. She reacted in that wonderfully classic way with the jumping, hugging, and kissing. This ring was a winner to me, and I was to her. My advise is get this if you want to get the same reaction as I did. <end>  Pleasantly surprised  The stones are bigger than the picture, but are the perfect size. The CZs are of great quality and the pricing for the quality delivered is phenomenal. The only complaint I have with this ring is that inscribed on the inside of the band is china and CZs (I find the china inscription part tacky), so if you want to show this off keep it on your hand.Other than that small hiccup it's perfect. I would definitely buy this ring again it's a great ring. <end>  Beauty Beauty Beauty  This ring is the perfect gift for someone you love. It is very stylish and beautiful and the price was very reasonable. <end>  Purchased as a gift, great for a kid!  Smalller sized than those home party jewelry lines. My daughter purchased this as a birthday gift for one of her sisters. It is over the top shiny ;) Fits well, got a size 5 for a 13 year old girl. Has the sparkle and wow factor. Not really sure it could pass as &#34;real&#34; but that is not the product's job. The metal band is sturdy and thick. It will knock the socks off a teenager. If you give this as a gift and try to pass as real diamonds to a grown woman, your socks may be knocked off ;) <end>  Ok for the price  It's a beautiful ring. A bit smaller than I thought it would and very light weight. But for the price I'd probably buy it again. <end>  3 stoned ring  Band is really skinny, box that ring was shipped in had a small bag that ring was tucked into liner almost didn't relize something was in pouch. Stones are to large for band they sit on <end>  ring  I stones were not as big as I thought there were going to be or the look of the stones <end>  Amazing  I love it, it really made my mom happy because she always wanted a ring like that. Thank you so much <end>  Very pretty!  Liked this a lot, it's very pretty and fits well. Good choice. Will enjoy wearing it.Would suggest it to people. <end>  Beautiful  If bling is what your looking for you'll find it here. Fits perfect, very comfortable and screams wow. A steal for the small price, lots of light and sparkle. <end>  ring  i bought this as funny joke (she want mad) i didnt even expect her to wear it but she has a few it time <end>  VERY pleased  bought this ring because i wash my hands about 4 times an hour at work and dread dropping my real ring somewhere, so this is lovely, and if it goes down a drain, i won't be distraught! <end>  Not bad  Not a bad ring to get your lover or wife. Not real though you can tell by the inscription in the inside. But other than that it is nice and she'll love it since it is convincing but you aren't fooling anyone but she'll love it be honest with her and it'll be cool. <end>  Great, beautiful ring  You will love it.First time I've bought jewerly on line and was pretty anxious about it... but reading the reviews, I decided to go for it and was a great decision. It's really beautiful and looks very expensive. <end>  great ring  I love this ring. It looks like the real thing. It is the perfect size and does not snag on anything. Very comfortable and fun to wear. One of my favorites! <end>  Cheap looking and poorly made  I was very disappointed with this ring. All three stones were different sizes and looked extremely fake. I don't understand why other reviewers said this could pass as the real thing, but it's differently cheap looking. Quite a shame as it looked nice in the picture. <end>  Wasn't happy with the ring.  The stones in the ring looked fake. They sent me the wrong size. Wasn't happy . <end>  not what expected  This item is not the same as the photo. The stones are smaller than the description states and CHINA is stamped on the inside of the band and whatever the finish is- its flaking off. Very unhappy with it, certainly not what I expected. <end>  nope  its nice at first glance, once you look at it for a bit you can notice the sliver isn't too smooth and not completely shiny around around the ring.. the CZ stones look amazing! its good for a play ring or a travel ring... but not a great gift!! On someones hand it would look nice to 95% of people around her. spend about $30-50 for a nice CZ,silver ring.. thats what i ended up doing . <end>  Look fake and size is not very accurate  It's an OK ring if you just want big accessories.However, the stones are too big and look very fake (of course), and it makes me feel shallow...Besides, the size is a bit bigger than normal ring size. So order 1 size down if you do want to keep it (I didn't). <end>  Even my close friends think its real...  Ok, so I didn't tell them it wasn't real...but, should I have to divulge all my secrets??Ive had this ring for several months now, it still looks great! <end>  good buy!  I like the sparkle and I think it fits most bands.My band is white gold and a different shade from this but does pass welll together. I just like to use this at work because I'm constantlly washing my hands and I do not want to lose my real diamonds,looks good overall <end>  What a disappointment.  I don't know what I expected for the price, but this ring really looks cheap. I'm returning it; it's nothing I would wear. <end>  Bigger than picture  Bright, shiney, stones look bigger than in picture - at least if the ring is a size 5. Band is thin/narrow. Wish I could have gotten a size 4, but it wasn't available at the time. Other than that, very nice looking ring <end>  horrible  the quality suckyou shouldn't sale this anymorei threw it away as soon i saw the quality of the merchandise <end>  Looks real  The fit and look is good. For $12.95 it is a great ring. Can put the real ones up and even leave this by the kitchen sink with no worrys. <end>  Bold and shinny  The stones are bigger than I expected, I normally wear a size 8 ring but this was big on my finger unlike my other size 8 rings. I would never wear this everyday but I've always admired this style so for the price I thought I could pull it off without the big price tag. I'd go down a size when ordering this ring. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  I wanted this ring once I saw it. It is so pretty. I have received many compliments on it. I'm so happy with my purchase. <end>  Love this ring.  Absolutely Beautiful Ring. Was very happy with the way it was shipped and the nice velvet bag I am able to store it in. <end>  Excellet!!!!  Bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas. She loved it. She wouldn't take it off. it looks better then the picture. Shipping was also very quick!!! <end>  Rating  I couldn't be more pleased if I had picked it out in a Jewelers.Will be making future purchases soon <end>  Vending-machine look  This ring look just like those the kids get in vending-machines.Spend the money on a single rose or some chocolate instead - if you considered this as a gift.The "stones" have a weird,plastic look to them,somewhat like a white mystic topaz may look like.It is not pretty and it definitely won't be mistaken for "real".A total waste. <end>  Love it!  I ordered this on a whim-I was looking for something else & this popped up. I've been eyeing a three stone ring for years, but can never get myself to pay $5K for the one I want (which looks EXACTLY like this ring!). I got my ring today & couldn't be happier! I bought it for my right hand middle finger-it looks perfect! & totally real when on! I can't stop staring at it! I'm never taking it off! Someday I'll buy the real thing, but in the meantime this ring is making me very happy! I can't believe the price I paid for it!!! <end>  Beautiful and replaceable!  I bought one of these last Christmas (Dec 2010) for myself, there was a small problem with my engagement ring and I wanted something to wear in the meantime while I was waiting for mine to be fixed. It's very shiny and pretty in person, always received lots of compliments, folks could not believe how little I paid for it.However, just recently (October 2011) I was wiping my hands and one of the side stones apparently popped out and went in the trash with the paper towel. Then I lost the center stone while moving - whacked my hand hard against a doorway while carrying something heavy. So, with 2 stones missing I've decided to order a replacement (still haven't paid to have my "Real" ring fixed).It did last for me for nearly a year despite that I was kinda rough on it and clumsy, so the price is right even though I've had to buy another now. It did last much, much longer than any comparable items I'd bought in the past in brick and mortar stores in the $20 or less price range.I do suggest you take it off for heavy labor, washing dishes and cleaning. <end>  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  I receive more compliments on this ring! I love the style, fit and sparkle! Just a lovely ring. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes inexpensive 'bling'. <end>  makes me feel rich  For the money, this is a gorgeous ring. Each of the three stones is slightly different in size--I was surprised at that--but the overall sparkle and quality of the ring are good. I give this a ring-finger up! <end>  Sparkle, Sparkle, Sparkle!  I was in shock at the quality of this ringSterling Silver 3-Stone Cubic Zirconia RingIt is BEAUTIFUL! Looks like the "real" thing. <end>  Waste of money  While the ring looked nice, its cheaply-made setting snagged on fabrics and things, and one of the stones has fallen out already and is nowhere to be found. This was a total waste of money, in my opinion. <end>  It is what it is  I bought this ring for my wife as a little joke because she lost one of the diamonds out of her wedding ring. She has been saying she will take it in to the jeweler to have the stone replaced for months now. She still wears a band that I bought her but her finger looks so bare without her wedding ring. I am going to sneak it out of her jewelry box and have it repaired for Christmas. I saw this product and thought it would be a fun little substitute while her wedding ring is in limbo. This ring isn't meant to fool anyone which is a good thing as it is not likely to. Also, the band began to tarnish after a few days of wear (also not a big deal but thought it was worth mentioning for the review). All in all I would say it is worth what I paid for it and is about what I expected for the price. <end>  Please do not waste your money......  This ring looked much better online than it did in person. I wasnt expecting a whole lot from a $12 dollar ring, but this looks downright cheap. I regret buying it and wouldnt make the same mistake again. <end>  Cute ring and shiny!  I love this ring! It is really shiny and I get lots of compliments on it. It isn't very big, but well worth the money. <end>  Good ring for what I need it for  I bought this ring as a stand in for my actual engagement ring for when I'm doing things like going to the beach or camping, activities where my actual ring could become damaged or lost. I bought a size 5 and it is true to size. From a distance it can pass as real but up-close there is no denying it is a fake. For $20 it serves its purpose and it is near impossible to find anything nicer for the price tag. <end>  Sparkle Plenty  Was a bit skeptical when I ordered this ring, but I have had so many compliments on it, they think it is the real deal, (I don't say otherwise). Looks beautiful and the size was perfect. Can't stop admiriing it. <end>  Nice ring  This is a nice ring. I wash my hands with this ring on all the time and it has never turned. The only thing I wish was different are the size of the stones. They are too big to be believed as real. If the stones were a little smaller this ring would be perfect. <end>  Excellent price, Excellent Product  Beautiful ring- almost exactly the same as my wife's custom-made gold engagement ring- just what she wanted- and IT GOT HERE BEFORE CHRISTMAS! <end>  Really shiny  For the price, honestly you cannot go wrong. It's sterling silver but could easily be mistaken for white gold. The stones are big enough to make you look twice but not too big to where you automatically think "fake." It's super glittery and the stones look very faceted, just like real diamonds would. You should get this for a fun, wearable ring. <end>  Sparkles Like a CZ  There is no mistaking that this ring is made from cubic zirconia, and there is no chance that a person who knows, even a little, about gemstones would mistake it for diamonds. When the stones are viewed in the center (from above), there is no depth to them. They are highly faceted, so they artificially pick up every color of the rainbow. The CG image shown by Amazon.com is better looking than the actual ring. Two stars for correct fit and nice setting, but this ring is being returned. <end>  Beautiful ring  I was soooo excited when this ring arrived and I have to say, it is beautiful. Far prettier than I thought it would be. I take very good care of all my jewelry, it is always cleaned before I wear it and is top quality, but this ring really is prettier than my expensive stuff. I will be ordering a couple more for my grand daughters for Christmas 08. Absolutly stunning. <end>  Great BUY - Beautiful ring!!!  I am VERY happy with this ring. Lots of sparkle!! I have had it one day and already gotten many compliments  ) <end>  Beautiful!  Great Price! I'm Very impressed with this ring! Has a fiery sparkle to it and the stones are pretty good size....I can't stop staring at it! <end>  Gorgeous. My gf loves it!  Gorgeous. My gf loves it! Worth every penny of the price! The ring looks like a genius gem stone. Very beautiful <end>  Anillo  Anillo muy bonito, piedras bien engastadas, de aspecto claro y muy limpio. Elegante,sencillo y a un buen precio. Lo recomiendo <end>  Love It!  I was looking for a fake engagement/wedding ring to throw off some unwanted flirtations, and this does the trick. I've had several family members ask if I was engaged. It's nicer than the ring my ex-husband gave me (though that thing set a pretty low bar). I love the way it sparkles too, I wear it all the time and it's very comfortable. <end>  good look at a good price  Some people like to spend thousands or more on things that look just like this ring. Not me. Good look at a great price for me <end>  Love at first site  Its a very beautiful ring. Had to order one for my buff. My daughter wants one now. Great quality. Buy one. <end>  Beautiful, but stones seem too big to look real.  I think this is a really beautiful ring and the CZs are bright and sparkly, but I won't wear it anywhere because the size of the stones make it look like it isn't real to me. I have a smaller CZ ring in sterling silver and I wear it all the time. I was hoping this would be about a 1 carat center stone with 1/2 carat size on the sides. I think that size would look more like real diamonds. <end>  Super Happy  Bought this as a stand in for my wedding ring while traveling. It's lovely and has been wearing nicely, I'm very happy with it. <end>  RING, DID NOT LIKE IT  NOT ENOUGH SPARKLE FOR ME. ACTUALLY LOOKS LIKE CRYSTAL TO ME AND NOT C.Z.'S. LIGHT WEIGHT, AND NOT MUCH TO LOOK AT. <end>  Stunning!  Love this ring. When other women comment how pretty it is, I just say &#34;thank you&#34;. No need to tell them it's c.z. THEY think its real and that's what counts. <end>  i love it!  beautiful, just as pictured, it is very nice quality. The sizing seems a bit large, but overall, I am very happy with my purchase. <end>  Very pretty  Got my today and I am very happy with it thus far. Stones are a good size for my finger I wear a 5. I would recommend this ring. Sparkles nicely especially when the run hits it!! <end>  Review  The ring is very nice and it not that big or small its just the right side. I love it. <end>  Nice Bling  wanted something nice & shiny!! It's Great! The price was a steal, came in a nice little jewelry bag..,,,,,,,,,, ; <end>  3 STONE RING  Love the way the ring looks. Get alot of compliments on it. My girls love to put it on them. <end>  Anniversary ring  I bought the sterling silver cubic zirconia ring to wear with my wedding band for our 69th wedding anniversary. Since I have 2 beautiful antique diamond rings for my pinky fingers, I wanted something nice but inexpensive. This is just what I wanted. It looks beautiful and I love it. <end>  3stone cubic zirconia ring  This ring is gorgeous! It sparkles brilliantly and really lights up my finger. Unfortunately I ordered it too big so I have had to buy a ring snuggie to adjust the fit but now it is fine. I would recommend this ring if you want your finger to shine. <end>  Beautiful ring!!!!  This ring is beautiful! Looks exactly like the picture, and I have received many compliments on it! The size was pretty accurate, maybe a little bit on the big side. If you are looking for a beautiful inexpensive ring for everyday wear that gives you some sparkle, this is the ring! <end>  Nice ring!  I lost my 3 carat wedding ring and my husband said he wouldn't by me another one. So, I saw this on amazon and it is really a nice little piece. I get compliments all of the time. <end>  absolutely beautiful!  This was by far the most amazing ring for the price i was so impressed when i received it, I immediatley purchased another for my friend. It literally has more sparkle than my real diamonds and what woman dosen't love sparkle? <end>  5 stars 4 3 beautiful stones  Bought two foe two special ladies theese were high quality very real looking feeling not tiny cheap was surprised. words arent enoigh must see to enjoy <end>  absolutely stunning!  Ok. This is really beautiful. I got a size 7. The stones are a little too large for me, but look really real nonetheless. I so wish that a size chart, comparative to real carat size and weight could be used. I am happy to wear it and hope nobody bashes me over the head to steal this ring! Glad I got it. <end>  Makes a beautiful girl happy!  This ring is a pretty good size ring and as soon as it was placed on my girlfriend, she melted. Two thumbs up for this item. She was NOT disappointed! <end>  Very nice !!!  I bought this as a suprise for my wife. It is absolutely stunning on her finger! Worth every penny. Would buy again. <end>  Ring  I love this ring, so nice and shinny, sterling silver. Everything I expected and more. I would recommand this to anyone. <end>  Great  Once i received and opened the package i had to take a moment to check the calendar not only was the ring more than i expected it also arrived earlier than expected all in all a great buy and the great quality was overwhelming not one of my wifes friends could tell the difference. <end>  OMG I LOVE IT  This ring is so beautiful. I Like it because it doesn't make my finger green LOL!I get compliments on it all the time. It is so beautiful! Guys, get this for your girlfriends... You wont regret it! <end>  Fabulous  I received my ring this morning and it is exactly as described and I am thrilled with it. Would definitely recommend and it has been received much quicker than expected, excellent service. <end>  Perfect  I was looking for something that was not too big and not too small. This is perfect and looks beautiful on the hand. <end>  Perfect for those puffy pregnant fingers!  I purchased this ring when I was 7 months pregnant. My original engagement/ wedding band became very difficult to take off due to the lovely swelling that comes with pregnancy. So I wanted to purchase a ring that looked like my original, was low in price and came in a large enough size to accommodate my poor swelling fingers. Also, I just wanted to have a ring on because I felt naked/ weird not having my wedding bands on.I am now 8 months pregnant. This ring is beautiful! I have received may compliments on it. It holds up very well to the daily wear and tear of normal things you do with your hands. ( I have not taken it off since I received it in the mail) And I don't feel guilty on buying it to only wear it for 2 months. Yes, I am hoping this swelling goes away soon after I have our baby  -)Highly recommend! <end>  just what I wanted!!!  I love this ring it is not to big to look fake. If you want a beautiful simple diamond ring this is the ring for you. It looks so good on your hand. Your friends will be looking at your hand all the time. <end>  Awesome & affordable  A very beautiful, yet affordable piece of jewellery. The product is much, much better than the image!! I'd recommend it to anyone who cares for it is a bargain. <end>  3 stone sterling silver ring  The stones are more brilliant than any CZ ring I have purchased in over 25 years and the sterling is genuine and exquisitely polished. The ring exceeds my expectations. <end>  Absolutely Stunning!  This ring is absolutely beautiful! Ordered a 6 it fit perfectly (is true to size) The complements haven't stopped since I slipped it on my finger! <end>  60 years marriage present  I am 82 .my wife of 60years is 80. I purchased a cubic zirconian ring as a gift for my wife she new tha comosition of the stones but she was very happy to receive it. As we are in Australia and the ring is made in the U>S>A their was a size vaiation and of course I picked an american size too small so we gave the ring to our grand daughter who is 27 she is more than happy and therefor so are we.The ring is beautiful ,the work is wonderful and if we had a size comparisionit would be perfect.I am very happy with my Kindle too.Henry B Sydney Aust. <end>  Very pretty  Just as nice as the picture looks... Very stylish, simple, and classic. I would recommend this ring! Nice fit, color, and wear. <end>  GORGEOUS!!!  This ring is just beautiful! And believable too - I love it! It sparkles and shines. I get compliments all the time. <end>  Good Item!  I bought This Ring For My Girlfriend and She LOVED it. It was good quality and it doesn't look cheap. Great Buy! <end>  Very nice ring  It is exactly as described. I am very pleased with quality and it arrived on time! Get your finger sized before purchase! <end>  Beautiful BLING!  I purchased two of these beautiful rings for my daughter and me and we have really enjoyed them!!!! They are a lot of fun to wear!!!!!Great deal!!!!! <end>  great  I love it its so beautiful i wear it evaday under water are wateva color still the same neva change <end>  cubic zirconia ring  This ring is perfect. It looks real and the stones are the perfect size. The stones are clear and bright. Great deal for the price. <end>  Using it while pregnant  My wedding ring didn't fit me after my first trimester. Found this ring on Amazon, very reasonably priced and I love it. It's beautiful. None of my friends and family can tell the difference between this one and my wedding ring that is real diamonds. Makes me think we wasted a lot of money on the original wedding ring!! <end>  Dull  Looked great out of the box but lost its luster after two weeks! A big disappointment, looks like something out of a Cracker Jack box now <end>  looks great on my finger  I chose the 5 star rating for numerous reasons,having a ring that I searched for all these months that fits on my right hand has been a joy for me.My other rings are a bit large and worth more and I really needed and wanted something i could slide unto my finger and not worry about losing it.A size 8 is little loose which is size my other rings are.This ring is a 7,it fits good.My 6 yr old niece told me that i have a &#34;married ring&#34; on my finger..I laughed telling her no,its just a ring.Kids..None of my close friends have really seen my new ring and I doubt they will,but I would tell them to check it out.. <end>  Stunning  This ring is absolutely beautiful. I purchased it mainly out of curiosity. The reviews were pretty good, but for less than $13, no way could it look good. Man, was I wrong! The sparkle is amazing and it is comfortable to wear too. Definitely worth the price. <end>  Gawwwdddddyyyyy!!!  This might be ok on a larger woman... My fingers are long and slender (size 4.5). I am not a tiny woman but average size. A real ring this size would exceed the value of most newer cars, and it just isn't very real looking. Going to return it <end>  ok ring  i expected more from this ring, i can find this kind of ring in some fashion store for 10$....but oh well i like it cause m husband gave it to me <end>  The 3-stone Cubic Zirconia Ring.  I ordered this ring a week ago and love the look, it really looks better than the picture on the computer.The ring looks like my sister's wedding band that her husband paid thousands of dollars for. <end>  Love it!  It looks just as good on the finger as it does in the photo. It is very lite weight as well. <end>  Great reflection and color  Nice looking ring with great reflection and color which catches your attention. Setting is well done and shows the CZ stones in an attractive manner. <end>  pretty ring  This product is very beautiful. It is exactly the same as explained on the website. Fast shipping and pretty ring to wear all the time. I am very happy with this purchase. <end>  Much better on a finger!  This ring far exceeded my expectations and looks better in real life than in the picture shown here on Amazon. The CZ's really sparkle and the silver is very white, shiny, and high quality. Overall I am very pleased with this ring and prefer it to my white gold, yellow gold, and other silver rings. Do not be too concerned about the silver holding up. I have a silver ring I have worn for 3 years and it's in fine condition. Inside, the ring is stamped CHINA 925 CZ, so you will not fool anyone with it but it is gorgeous and fun to wear. For $19.99 you cannot go wrong. Save yourself some money and buy this ring if you want a 3 stone ring. This ring cleans easily with mild hand dishwashing liquid, warm water, a soft baby toothbrush, and a soft lint-free cloth. The ring appears to be rhodium plating so I would avoid silver cleaners. <end>  2 end stones measured to be exactly same size. Looks like real diamonds, gorgeous!  I am an Engineer and have measured each of the three stones. The two end stones are exactly the same size. But, when I first looked at them, they looked like they were different sizes when looked at each side tilted. This is just an illusion, since when measured they are exactly the same size. The center stone is approximately 1 carat and larger than the two end stones. I bought this ring because my fingers swelled up during my pregnancy and my real ring would not fit anymore. I tried to find a ring that looked like my ring, and this was the closest one. My real ring has a 0.87 carat center stone, and this ring looks like the center stone is about 1 carat. So they look like real ring size stones. It's so sparkely and looks like real diamonds. It does not look like the typical cubic zirconia, where you can immediately tell they are fake. This one is far better quality. The sterling silver compliments the ring also, and the stones are set like real diamonds. Very good quality. I can even wash my hands with it on and it stays in good condition. I've had this ring for 4 years, and it still looks brand new. This is also a good ring to wear when traveling, in case you get mugged. Be sure to lock your real rings in a safe though before you leave. <end>  The wife loves it!  She chucked the $2000 engagement ring in favor of this one. Cubic zirconia = more money for large screen tv. <end>  I want another one!  )  Length   0 44 MinsI love this ring!! I got it for my friend. It can NOT pull of for diamond. It also says "made in china" on the inside of the band. It's very pretty and well worth the price though. Shipping was very fast! Check out my video review on it!  ) <end>  So lovely my mom had me order another one for her!  This ring is beautiful and eye-catching without being gaudy. I had been wanting a 3 stone ring but I'm not one who spends lots of money on jewelry, I'd rather not worry about losing it or having it stolen. I looked at several here on Amazon because I had received several gift certificates for my birthday, and when I saw this one, it just seemed perfect. I was so excited to receive the package, and it did not disappoint - it was ever prettier in person. My mom saw it and loved it so much that a couple of days later she said she just had to have one too, so we ordered her one as well. The only thing I would mention is that these do run at least half a size bigger than the stated size. I placed the size 6 we ordered on a ring mandrel and it slides to the 6.5 mark very easily, so order accordingly. The stones are not different sizes, as other reviews have stated, I measured all stones on both rings and the two side stones are exactly the same size, with the middle stone being slightly bigger.I highly recommend this ring for any budget conscious jewelry shopper! <end>  This ring is gorgeous!! Must buy!  I ordered this ring after purchasing and returning two rings of a similar design from another (anonymous) merchant. Needless to say I was deeply unhappy with the other products. But this ring blew me away. It is even more beautiful in person than the picture leads you to believe. I have wanted a 3 stone ring for some time now and at this price I can say it was a steal. Plus I'll never have to worry about losing a "real" diamond. I definately recommend this to anyone desiring a quality CZ ring. <end>  My Engagement Ring Was Delayed -I Used This Temporarily to Propose  My engagement ring was delayed unexpectedly by the jeweler due to some needed rework to correct a deficiency. I had already planned a getaway weekend to propose and was not about to shift my plans. I decided to get a "token" ring to stand in for the real engagement ring while I waited for the real ring to be finished.I looked at Amazon and another prominent mass market retailer. Amazon had the best value and nicest looking inexpensive ring. I picked this Sterling Silver 3-Stone Cubic Zirconia Ring after looking at several options. I mean, it was going to have to be a fake ring for my proposal, but I at least wanted it to look NICE!Long story short, I was very pleased with how the ring looked, gave it to my fiancee, followed up with the real deal two weeks later, and plan to give this ring to our (future) daughter -should we have one someday.For twenty bucks, you will not be disappointed; I know I wasn't! <end>  pretty..not quite as good as other reviews say  well, I have gotten at least one compliment on this ring each time I have worn it, and would have probably given it 3 1/2 stars if I could, but I guess I don't think it's as nice as the rest of the reviewers. It's pretty, but it doesn't look like real diamonds in my opinion. I think it looks like it should cost about 40 bucks, and since I paid less than 20, I feel like I got a good deal. It also seems to run a little bit big. It did come in a nice velvet bag and box. Overall, it's a nice ring, and a good price. The setting is simple, which I like, and the stones are a good size.(some of these 3 stone rings have huge stones that don't look good on smaller hands). Still, I don't think you can pass it off as real diamonds if that's your goal. If you want just a pretty fashion ring...then this will do fine. <end>  Beautiful, but uncomfortable.  I purchased this ring. It's very pretty. Sparkles nicely, especially in the sunlight, and the stones aren't so large that it screams, "Fake!" Many people have exclaimed over how lovely it is. However, this is not a comfortable ring, and though I'd love to wear it all the time, I don't wear it much at all. It's not a "comfort fit," and the band is quite narrow and has square edges. Also, the prongs at the sides of the stones are constantly rubbing the fingers to either side. The prongs aren't sharp, but they're prominent enough to be annoying to me. Finally, though it's not terribly noticeable, I feel it's important to add one of the stones seems to be a little cloudy--though you have to really examine it to see it.Edited  Two years on, I still have this ring, and I still wear it from time to time. Unfortunately, I can't wear it all the time. It's lovely, but it's just not comfy. I put it on when I can't resist that extra bit of sparkle...but then it always goes back into the drawer at the end of the day, and I put my other, comfort-band ring on with some relief. <end>  Not happy  I bought the ring because it was pretty.I have not had it for very long.The band broke.The silver is coming off.I would not recommend any one else buy this ring. <end>  exelente  muy satisfecho, muy conforme y agradecido con la compra espero poder comprar de nuevo productos de este vendedor lo recomiendo 100 % <end>  cheap ring  this ring was very cheap and looked it. Yes i only paid 8 bucks for it but i paid the same amount at another place for a set that people really could not tell wasn't real. This ring immediately became a play ring for my granddaughter. <end>  This ring is AMAZING!!!  And I don't mean AMAZING as used loosly on the Batchelor!! This was a beautiful ring to see the sparkle and shine is exceptional. The fit perfect. I just love it. Wonderful. <end>  Lasted 3 months  I probably should have taken it off when I washed my hands. The silver or whatever started rubbing off and it looked not so good. I had lost my real diamond and was using this as a replacement. For the money, I was hoping it would last longer. But, to my surprise my husband bought me a new diamond for Christmas! This looked really nice at first, but I would definitely take it off before putting your hands in water for any reason or doing any kind of work. Just wear it when you need to and store it when not in use. I probably could have gotten more use out of it. <end>  Very Nice Quality for Price  This is a very realistic looking 3 stone CZ ring. I estimate a total Carat weight equivalent of about 2.25. My only complaint is that the the stones are not quite as wide-set as I was expecting from the picture. They do not cover the entire top of my finger. However, the overall quality and value of this purchase was excellent. <end>  good  love this item last sure she will love it also thanks amazon looks stunning and cool bought it for my girlfriend <end>  Very Pretty!  Very happy with my ring, it looks like the real thing! The stones are large with lots of sparkle, so probably won't wear it if I'm just going to the grocery store! Normally wear a 7 1/2, and ordered a 7, and it fits perfectly. Got this to use in place of my expensive antique set which I only wear for special occasions. You can't go wrong with this, for the price, looks way more expensive! <end>  Excellent fit (size 5) and sparkle aplenty  Love this ring. It looks like the real deal, fits perfectly and is simple & elegant. Only you will know how little it cost. Don't tell anyone that they are cubic zirconias. Only a jeweler will know. <end>  Very nice ring for the price  Just received this ring and it's a great ring for the price, under $20. Very nice stones, sparkly, and nice bright band. I owned a gold 3 stone Diamonique ring from QVC, which I had to sell, and this ring is a VERY close 2nd to that one. Ring came in a nice box with blue velvet bag. Overall very pleased for under $20. <end>  Pretty, but not fooling anyone.  This ring is very pretty, but obviously fake. If I saw this ring in the store I probably would not buy it. I would go to a department store and browse their rings before buying this one. They are about the same price and would probabaly make someone wonder more than this one would. <end>  it's pretty!  It's a nice fake, but obviously. Either my fingers have shrunk or this ring runs big. I bought it just to decide if I want a 3 stone ring to wear as my wedding band. It would be fine by its self but I would prefer a four or five stone ring to wear as a set. Good deal for the dollar! <end>  Wow  To be quite honest, for the cheap price my expectations were shattered by this piece's abundant beauty. Glimmers iridescent shades, appealing to the eye. Thank you. <end>  Girlfriend loved it  I ordered this ring for me and my girlfriends anniversary. It looked great and with the low price I couldn't pass it up. It was well worthy it!The ring got here in 2 days (sure they just left it on my porch without knocking but I expected as much) well wrapped. It came In a small white padded gift box, with the ring itself in a bag. When I gave it to her her face lit up! The ring has a very fine silver for the base, and the stones have a beautiful sparkle (I spent about 15 in a dark room shining a flashlight at it. Extremely impressive!).She spent the entire next day showing it off to everyone she knew and even got compliments from strangers. I highly recommend this ring for that special lady in your life! <end>  Beautiful  I love the ring. Beautiful shiny stones. Good quality. Good price Many compliments when wearing this ring.Would buy it again. <end>  looovee it!  Verry beautiful! Definitely a head turner. Came fast. Came with a cute lil bag an box. Doesn't five me the green ring like mosr rings do for me. <end>  Beautiful..Well worth it  This ring is so sparkly it looks like I paid a fortune for It. The stones are beautiful and crystal clear like perfect diamonds better than any cz ive ever seen. I liked it so much I bought two more as gifts.... <end>  Looks too cheap and fake to me!  First thing I have ordered that I wanted to return to Amazon. It was too fake and cheap looking in my opinion. <end>  This is a flawless ring Amazon you are amazing!  This is amazon amazing! Great job amazon. The ring its beautiful and flawless! It has a some weight to it! It makes you feel good. <end>  Very satisfied  Very pretty. Looks good. No one knew it was not the real thing. Would wear it with my real diamonds. <end>  Too shiney  This ring looks like it came out of a gumball machine, it is way too shiney, I say too shiney as it glows compared to my sterling silver rings. I was hoping to wear it with nice everyday work clothes but it looks like rhinestones & should be on a disco ball. <end>  Beautiful!  Gorgeous Ring!! It is very believable, which is what I was looking for. I find myself staring at it because of the sparkle and shine. <end>  Stunning!  I purchased this as a replacement for a 20 year old ring and couldn't be happier! Light weight, really clear stones sized to look real. Just gorgeous! <end>  Zirconia Ring  I like it very much, very pretty, sparkles. I will wear this ring for a long time. Thank You so much. <end>  Love this ring  This ring is quite beautiful and well made. I am very happy with this purchase. It has a beautiful sparkle and really looks like the real thing at an amazing savings! <end>  Awesome  I love this ring. I stands out just enough for people to notice. The price was also Awesome!! I plan to purchase more in the near future. <end>  Very nice.  I bought this ring to use when I didn't want to wear my real wedding/engagement rings. And I love it. It was a little sparkley when I bought it. But I did dishes a few times & poof! It looks like a real diamond! <end>  Stering Silver 3-Stone Cubic Zirconia Ring  I was just as I figured it would be according to the price but I thought it might be nicer. <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring goes well with the bracelet I purchased. The stones are the same size. I get many compliments on this ring and it is an eye catcher. I love this ring. <end>  This is a beautiful ring...  Very shiny, bright and fits perfectly.Very shiny, bright and fits perfectly.Very shiny, bright and fits perfectly.Very shiny, bright and fits perfectly. <end>  Great Ring For Price!  Ordered ring for my wife just for the heck of it. Great Look, Great Quality, Great Price, and fast shippping! <end>  Just what I needed.  For the price you can't beat this rings looks. Sparkles just right. Its not diamonds mind you but for the time being can't get a better deal <end>  its okay  This ring is alot prettier online than in real life, but what should I expect for 12.00...LOL. It served its purpose, so thats good enough for me, but it does look fake in every sense of the word, but its a good costume jewelry ring...its got the sparkle! <end>  good for the price  glad I only paid 12 bucks for this. It's a nice ring but it looks totally fake, I've been wearing it though, it's a nice addition to my jewelery collection. Worth it for the price <end>  Awesome Ring for the Price!  This ring is just gorgeous and so shiny! I'm an amazon prime member so I received it very quickly. It fit well and was packaged beautifully. Very comfortable to wear as well. <end>  Amazing BLING!!!!  This ring is definitly worth the purchase. I was AMAZED by the the beauty of this ring when I first opened my package and then when my husband placed the ring upon my finger...I was teary eyed. This is a wonderfully created product that makes a clear statement of "look at my beauty and shine". I could not be happier, unless of course if it were true diamonds. I am extremely satisfide with the price, quality, and statement it makes by being what it is and for now allowing me to wear the beauty of my wedding band. God Bless.Thank you so much.Happy Customer, NCP.S. My husband thanks you for saving his wallet. Will be looking for the real diamonds in the future once our debts lessen and we can put our dollars toward such an investment. <end>  Love it!!  So pleased with this purchase. Its description and picture was just like indicated. It's a great option to the real thing! <end>  Nice ring, but these Zirconia stones are not even close to real diamonds  I've always read that Cubic Zirconia is so close to diamonds in its attributes - almost everything excluding strenght, origin and price of course- and I have actually several good pieces of jewelry with Cubic Zirconia and with diamonds and they look very similar to naked eye.I've got this ring and it is actually a nice one, however it is not even close to real diamond's luminosity, sparkle and shade. It just look like a well polished clear glass or crystal.Picture it's just too sharp and the real one is just "too fake" to be a diamond one and at the same time with too big pretentions to be a simple silver ring to wear with casual-sport apparel. I would feel pretty uncomfortable wearing it. I was a bit dissapointed when finally got this ring. <end>  Love this  if you are looking for a pretty little something to make your hands look nice, you should buy this ring. It's cute, keeps its shine and luster, and serves as conversation piece... take it off when doing dishes! <end>  Sterling 3 Stone CZ Ring  What a great ring....  I must say this ring looks expensive! The CZ's stones shine and looks nothing like inexpensive jewelry. I went with the reveiws here on Amazon and a great deal of them said what I said when I opened the ring. Wow this really looks nice! I made the buy for the following reasons; I love rings and can't afford a real ring like this one and second my grandmothers ring that was given to me by her is a wee bit tight on my finger and this setting is close to hers (if you don't count that hers is gold)! The sizing is very close, it seemed a tad smaller than a nine which is what my good rings are (I have more turning of the ring on the finger).The package was from Amazon, it came in a small box and the ring was in a velvet drawstring bag. The ring box was placed inside a bubble package and sealed than placed in the box with bigger air filled strips.I hope the ring retains it's luster and the stones stay put.The price was right! I hope this helps you in your decision! <end>  Not so great anymore!  SO i purchased this ring a few months ago just to wear as a ploy to keep men from bothering me..its dont the trick until recently. The "diamonds" are very foggy looking no matter how i clea them and it is changing colors and the stones are very loose. I would say great ring if you are only planning to wear it for the short term but not a longterm every day wear. <end>  Love, Love, LOVE  The ring looks just as good in person as it does online. Everything looks very high quality, and the price you pay for it is definitely worth it. I don't have anything else to say other than if you want to buy a ring like this, go for it! There's honestly nothing to lose. <end>  Can't beat the price  Wanted a realistic ring to wear when I travel and don't like to take my wedding rings. The ring is a little too "glassy" looking for my taste but you really can't beat the price. Size appears to be true. <end>  Very Pretty  This item was good for the price. Will be wearing it when I'm traveling so I can leave my real ring at home. <end>  Very sparkly but definitely looks fake  The side stones are too large in comparison to the center stone and that gives the ring a really plastic look. If the side stones were smaller the ring might actually be more believable. The stones sparkle and reflect light well with the prism effect. Although the band is a bit thin, the ring feels fairly sturdy. I only spent $13.00 and bought it as a "fake" backup for my three stone engagement ring and will wear the ring when necessary for travel and super physical activities during which I would worry about damaging or losing my real ring. This will NOT pass for the real thing like some other options but will work for my limited purposes. <end>  Gorgeous stones  This little ring came well protected and looks gorgeous! The stones make it look so expensive and well-crafted! I am considering purchasing more from this company for my family and friends! <end>  Beautiful  This ring is a steal. It's quite beautiful. It is a beautiful everday ring. It sparkles and adds a classic, elegant touch. <end>  Pleased-  I was very pleased when i received this ring.! Not bad at all. Very sparkly and a fun addition to wear. <end>  Love It!  Wow this looks like the real thing! Very shiny and it fits perfectly. I wear it everywhere I go and the diamonds STILL haven't fallen out [knock on wood]. I would recommend this to anyone! <end>  Perfect!  I dislike gold and am much to frugal and clumsy for diamonds. I saw this ring on amazon and had to have it. It is my new anniversary ring (10 years) and it is perfect! I wear it 24 hours a day. With 3 months of use under 24 wear, hand washings, and lotion uses, it is still perfect! I LOVE this ring! UPDATE  It's now been over a year and the ring is still perfect. With occasional cleaning with soap and a soft toothbrush, it still looks as good as new. I get compliments all the time on it. LOVE IT! <end>  3 stone cubic zirconia  This ring is the prettiest ring ever and I get so many compliments on it every time I wear it!! The shipping was extremely fast too!! <end>  Love it!  I have had on for two months now and it still look great! I bought it as a replacement for my real dimonds and I am very happy with it. I never take it off. I wash dishes and clean with it on and I am not worried about getting it damaged. It still sparkles like new and has not tarnished. It is a perfect fit too. Awesome deal for $13!!! <end>  BEA-U-tiful  Absolutely love this ring, exactly what i wanted and utterly gorgeous. Very glamorous but not too much, simply perfection. I love it! <end>  Have had this ring for over a year...  and it is still in great condition! I get so many compliments on it, I hate to tell them that they are just cz's! I'm ordering another one to have on hand just in case. <end>  Lots of Sparkle  This ring has lots of sparkle! My wife loves it. The quality is good and the stones look great. Great ring! <end>  Perfect stone size for smaller hands  It's not too obvious and looks believable as a real diamond ring on any budget. I'm not a fan of round stones but I just got this as a back up ring for work anyway. It's still very pretty and looks great on my small hand. I ordered two rings at once and just like the other one, this one is not a true size. It is 3/4 size bigger than the size I ordered. I'm wearing it while I'm typing this and have to stop and pick it up from the keyboard where it's fallen off my finger. It's very annoying. Order yourself a size smaller than what you normally wear and you will be happy! It's not worth the trouble and cost to return it. <end>  3 Stone Ring  This ring is so buetiful and the Quality oh you wont believe I Love it no one believes its cubic Love It so much <end>  Just beautiful!  I cannot express how delighted I am with this ring. Who needs diamonds?? I get compliments every time I wear it, today from a manicurist. If I weren't the soul of honesty, I'd let them believe it's the real thing. Ordering 2 more for my sister and daughter-in-law. <end>  Sparkle!  LOVE! Lot's of compliments always! It looks beautiful and real. It is not so big that it looks fake, but rather a perfect believable size! I don't like wearing my expensive wedding ring all the time, and this is a perfect trade-off! I did make the mistake of wearing it to a spa facility and now the metal is not very shiny anymore. I like it so much that I may just buy a new one. So, I do recommend being careful with what you allow it to soak in! <end>  Awesome!!!!  What a great looking ring! Very pretty and realistic looking, love the look. Wish it was a 6.5 but well worth the purchase!!! <end>  Great replica  I bought this ring to substitute for my real one when I travel, go to the gym, etc. It has been a great piece because it looks real. The sizing is accurate and it looks like the picture. <end>  flashes just as a diamond does  This ring attracts the attention of most of my customers and gets tried on a lot. I'm sure it will sell soon. <end>  Makes me "feel" pretty!  Great deal on this beautiful ring! I love it. I've received so many compliments. Looks & feels like the real thing. (I'm starting to become a big fan of CZ!)I have nothing negative to say about this product... <end>  miss anne marie  i love the ring it shines beautiful its looks so real anyone who like to buy one this is the ring the stones are a good size my friends love the ring it could pass for a real diamond i love the ring its worth the money its better then the ring i bought from avon it was silver and had cubic z no shine to the ring but this ring i bought with the 3 stones its worth the price anne marie <end>  Awesome  My fianc&eacute; and I both fell in love with this ring it's perfect. I'm so glad this looks like my old one that someone stole from me. Thank you so much amazon <end>  Its pretty......  Its pretty, the ring is smaller than I expected. It looks a little cheap, you get what you pay for, but it will get the job done. <end>  Would buy again!  I can't tell it's not real. It is dazling and not to big but not to small. I love it and it would fool most anyone. <end>  It's beutifull  I recoment this ring to any one!It look like a real diamond I bought it for my beautiful mother she love it! <end>  love it  Ive had this ring for almost 6 wks and it still looks great, wear it like it was platinum and diamond. Looks real, very satisfied! <end>  still greater in reallity  the ring is much more beautiful than the picture!excellent quality.I really loved this product is of very good quality. <end>  Beautiful ring on affordable price  No one has caught on that they aren't my real ones, not even until we told them.... The rings are beautiful!This ring looks REAL. The stones sparkle in every light, the metal is shiny and soft. I feel like I'm wearing something so much more expensive than what I am. I get compliments all the time from random strangers! My family is shocked by my ring! I haven't said one word about whether it's real or not.Stones are clear and sparkly, metal is soft and shiny, ring fits true to size, fast shipping, very happy with purchase! <end>  excellent  good product for use and it is very very excellent ring to wear, easy to wear in the parties and good looking. <end>  Wow!  This is a very beautiful ring. Arrived on time in tact as described. It's very natural and real looking. Awesome price great quality. Would recommend. <end>  3 stone ring  I was a fantastic ring and fits true to its size it is very sparkly in person and i would defiantly recommend buying this ring if your looking for something to wear with anything and that is durable <end>  Gorgeous!!!!!!  Just got it and I love it! It's beautiful and looks expensive! Great price also. Will be getting an eternity band to go with it. Simply gorgeous! <end>  cute  i just received this ring,it looks very cute on my finger,great for that low price! looks exactly like the picture <end>  2 years later  I'm 17 now i bought this ring as a present to myself for my 15th birthday. It hasn't faded at all and i wear it everyday. The stones sparkle beautifully in the light. My teachers and people i pass on the street always say the same thing, "that looks very expensive". I love it <end>  Attention grabbing ring!  I love this ring, it is so comfortable and even more sparkly in person. It may be cubic zirconia, but it sure doesn't look it. I have gotten tons of compliments on it. And I love the way the three stones are set! <end>  Gorgeous!!  Gorgeous ring!! Got it as a gift and it looks so real! I've gotten complments all day. This ring is one of those inexpensive 'just because' gifts that she is sure to LOOOOOOVE and show off, even when she's not trying! Love it! <end>  beautiful  This ring is stunning WAY more then i expected it is SOOO shiny lots and lots of shine i LOVE it. It will be part of my daily wardrobe now  ) <end>  Great gift!  I bought this for my mother in mother's day. She was so happy, and just for a few dollars. Great gift, excelent product, I'm not a jewelry expert, but if you're not a jewelry expert either, totally recommended for a gift. <end>  CZ 3 stone Ring  The CZ's are shiny and the ring is pretty overall and probably worth the price to most people. Size 5 was perfect! <end>  Brilliant!  This ring looks real and is quite beautiful. It is substantial in size but still believable and it sits very comfortably on the ring finger. <end>  New Ring  I love this ring! It rivals the real thing at a fraction of the price. I have gotten lots of compliments every time I wear it. <end>  CZ value ring  My wife is delighted with this ring. It sparkles and shines much like real diamond jewelry. A great value for the money although next time I may spring for a sterling or gold setting/band. My wife washed dishes with the ring on and the band became tarnished. <end>  Cute n complimented often  I was hoping for the best possible results, even w disappointing costume jewelry I've had... But this is awesome and very beautiful <end>  love it ...  I really like this ring .. i get people asking me about it all day at work .. i love silver and the way the stones set is great .. its my type of ring <end>  Beautiful  It's a beautiful ring and I love jewelry. I can't afford a diamond ring even a small one. As far as I am concerned, it is as beautiful as real diamonds and that's all that matters to me. <end>  Great ring  This is an amazing deal. I love the ring and my wife loves it even more! Outstanding quality for the price. <end>  Sparkly  I am very pleased with this ring. It sparkles nicely. The two end CZ's are closer in size to the middle one than I expected from the picture, but I like it that way. Good value. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Sparkly Sparkly  LOVE the ring! It is light in weight and extremely sparkly. I am hoping it dulls a lil' bit to give it some believability. I have received several compliments on the ring. Great price and excellent value. <end>  Beautiful!!  I got this ring as a birthday present last year, and i have to say it is by far the prettiest ring i have ever owned. it is, in fact sterling silver. i was ecstatic when i opened it! it has a lot of sparkle to it, which i love, and it fits perfectly. could not be happier! <end>  Horribly cheap in person  I bought one good ring for a good price here on amazon. This one looked nice and was nicely priced so I ordered it. It looks really cheap (can tell in minus one second that it's not a real diamond). I've seen nicer out of a gumball machine. Was really disappointed. <end>  Appears Like Crystal....but good crystal  This is a pretty, simply styled, 3 stone, band ring. The center stone is about 6mm or 1cttw., and the side stones are 5mm or 3/4cttw each. The band is quite thin, about a 1/16 of an inch. It's little too narrow to give a good balanced look to the size of the stones. Narrower than photographed. The gram weight on the metal is 1.7 grams. A nicely weighted band would be about 3 grams. The metal looks like highly polished silver. It doesn't appear to have a finish and may eventually need a good polish.The stones are quite pretty and sparkling, but they do not look like diamond. Two of diamond's main visual characteristics are shooting fire and brilliance. These don't have depth of fire, but they do sparkle like crazy. To me, they don't even look like CZ. They certainly are not top graded, AAAAA CZ. Those stones do rival diamond's appearance. This ring appears like the Swarovski Crystal stud earrings I own. For the 13 bucks I paid, I have no complaints. I'm not returning and will definitely wear. It's not my favorite, but I like this ring okay.This ring didn't need to look like diamond for me to like. The reasons I didn't like better has nothing to do with the stone's quality. I would have really liked if the silver was heavier weight, the band were thicker, the side stones were 1/2cttw each, and if the silver had a rich plating.For anyone wanting a diamond look in CZ, I recommend the Amazon.Com Collection of Platinum Plated CZ Rings. Those CZ rings look like flawless diamond. They are set like diamond, in heavy weight solid silver. Of course, they're more money, but still reasonably priced. <end>  Beautiful, quality classic for a great deal  I received this as a Christmas gift from my nephew and couldn't be happier with it! The sterling setting remains a lovely, almost incandescent white; the stones, perfectly matched in superb cut, brilliant color, and flawless clarity. This has definitely become one of my go-to pieces as it's appropriate to wear everyday and nearly with everything. I've enjoyed this beauty so much, in fact, I'm considering buying two more so I can wear all three at once (making a stack-band). Hmmm... <end>  I like it so far.  I only got this today, so I can't write about how well it stays overtime. First impression, though, was really great. It was a lot shinier than I expected. Looking at other pictures, I thought the stones were going to look huge and gaudy on my finger, but it looks nice. No bad comments here! <end>  Stones are too big for every day wear.  This ring is very beautiful and real looking, but I wanted to be able to wear it everyday as a "No Pest Strip". The stones are just too large for everyday, I feel like a show-off! It looks great when I'm dressed up, though! <end>  classic, looks greats, sparkles like crazy  Very nice, slightly bigger than we thought it would be but my wife still loves it. Simple, classic design & settings are just what she wanted. For the price & fast shipping, we couldn't beat this deal (though I tried). <end>  Beautiful!  This is an absolutely beautiful ring.I ordered this as a replacement engagement ring (to go along with a white gold band from another store) and have not been disappointed.It is great, came beautifully packaged and very quickly! This is a good budget ring that looks like it is expensive.The CZ are bright, crystal clear, and vibrant! <end>  my ring  I bought this ring and thought I will not expect much since I paid close to nothing for it. I love this ring. It sparkles as much as my wedding set and It looks so nice on my finger. I love this ring and especially what I paid for it. <end>  Get what you pay for  I was really excited to order this ring after reading all of the glowing reviews but when I received it I was very disapointed however, for the price what did I expect? Picture looks WAY better than the real thing! <end>  Beatiful ring....  This ring is exactly what I expected. It's beautiful. It sparks like the real thing. I bought this because I am recently divorced and wanted to wear something other than my wedding set. This fits the bill. I ordered a size nine and it's a little big. I plan on buying one of those plastic/rubber ringer sizer things that you can wear inside the ring to help with the fit. The ring arrived very quickly. I've only had it for a few days, but I am definitely feeling this one. If it holds up, I will be ordering more. <end>  it was ok, sterling silver looked good, but the stones looked like what they are fake. Defintely will not fool any one.  It will work for every day costume jewlery, got what you paid for. its decoration and that is it. other than that expect to get what you paid for. <end>  Beautiful and so inexpensive  This ring has such a good sparkle and it looks like a ring that should cost 10x the amount. Makes a great gift for someone on a budget. My girlfriend loves it. <end>  Not what I expected.  For the price it is ok. From the reviews I read before buying it, I expected it to be a better quality. Close up it looks very cheap. It is also very light weight. Just don't let anyone look at it too close! I will probably give it to my granddaughter for her play jewelry. <end>  beautiful  I have received nothing but compliments about this ring. It is stunning. I wish i had discovered this sooner. it is absolutely beatiful. <end>  Looks Great!`  My wifey loves it!! It is very clean in more ways than one. They look like a real set of diamonds. Great Job!!! The price was unbeatable as well. <end>  Looks better on picture  Not very convincing. Stones are cloudy. It is fake looking and silver looks dull rather than shiny. Will keep looking for fake fabulous. <end>  cheap but nice  this ring is as the other ratings say. It shines beautifully and looks real from a distance. It does say &#34;China&#34; on the inside, but you wont notice that when the ring it on. It looks like an engagement ring and could pass as a cheap one. It looks like it could be around $50 store price because of the diamonds not looking real up close. but it is definitely worth the $17+ to buy it. <end>  Exactly what I expected and then some  My wife needed a ring to wear since her actual wedding ring was lost. We were not expecting a one million dollar ring of course. But what arrived not only turned our heads, her co-workers actually noticed this ring more than they ever noticed her old ring. The Cubic Zirconia looks authentic enough under basic scrutiny that we may never go back to a diamond ring again. Me myself, my wedding ring has always been just a silver band but I believe this ring truly defies the subliminal misconception that she deserves a diamond.Great for your temporary ring, or if she doesnt care about price, a perfect choice for those who want to turn heads without breaking the bank <end>  Love my 3 stone ring  I was so happy when I opened the box MUCH prettier in person. Size is perfect. Stone size of the ring is perfect...Don't hesitate to purchase. <end>  awesome  This is an awesome ring that fit perfectly it is just as pretty add it looked and for a good price <end>  Worth it  For a temporary ring while mine is being dipped, it's worth it. The band is skinnier than the picture depicts, and the stones have no depth, but it's not bad looking. I don't regret the purchase. <end>  Very Pretty  After losing my beautiful wedding ring a few months ago, I decided that I was not going to make an investment like that again, so I went looking for something that could replace the naked spot on my finger. I ordered this ring because the price could not be beat, and I have received many compliments on it. I am very satisfied with this item. <end>  Beautiful ring.  This ring was a Christmas present to myself. I really enjoy it and have had numerous comments about how lovely it is. Thank you Amazon. <end>  Very Shiny  I did not like the ring and it looks extremely fake and it shines too much! Not a worth to buy <end>  LOVED it  baught it for my girl friend as a promise ring and she lover it and she never takes it off <end>  5  It's very beautiful ring, i like it!! The size is little bit large, but it's Ok and I'll enjoy it! <end>  Three Stone CZ  This ring wears good and looks great. Good but for the money. I have purchased two one for myself and one for a friend. Both have held up really nice. <end>  Beautiful  This ring is beautiful. I bought it to replace my damaged wedding ring. I receive at least a couple of compliments a day. I work at the service desk at a store, and the store lights really make it sparkle. Many customers comment on how bright and beautiful it is. Everyone thinks it's real diamonds! <end>  silver cz ring  This ring was so worth the $11.00.Everyone assumes it is diamonds! I love it! It sparkles like new and ive been wearing it for months. <end>  Lovely piece of jewelry  I wanted this for a dressy ring for the occasional times I am really dressed up. It is very striking, well crafted, looks hand set, and it definitely classy. For the cost, it cannot be beat and will be a very nice addition to dressy attire. I got this for my wife, at her request. She is very pleased. <end>  Beautiful!  Looks like a real diamond. Sparkles like crazy! Great price and lovely to look at. You won't be sorry! Buy now! <end>  Cool  Arrived promptly and just as it is on the internet.Its simple, cool and lovely. Something different from the usual engagement rings.It was bought in November 2012.My fiancee loves it. <end>  gorgeous  Beautiful and received fast.my girl is gonna like this as a temporary promise ring =) made of great material as well. <end>  Sterling Silver 3-Stone Cubic Zirconia Ring  I am very pleased with this ring. It has lots of color. I also purchased two rings from QVC diamonique and this ring has as much color as they do. Great product for the money. <end>  Gorgeous ring, now one of my faves in my CZ collection!  This ring is of a very high quality considering its very low price. The stones are all so very bright & fiery, not just clear like glass, and can hold their own next to my real diamonds. When I wear it, the main compliment I hear is "WOW! That is a gorgeous ring!" (no one knows it's a fake!). I love to wear it, and it's so comfortable when on, that I often forget to take it off at night before bed (my advice  don't sleep with prong-set jewelry of any type).The silver band is also exceptionally well-made & the stone setting is sturdy, secure & snag-free (important for prong-set stone rings). In all, the piece looks like a very well made, high quality piece (with the look,perhaps, of a palladium or white rhodium coated piece of white gold). It won't pass for platinum, yet could pass for white gold. A good fun ring, and a great economical alternative to a real 3 stone diamond ring. GO FOR IT & GET IT! You won't be sorry. I spent more for it when I bought it for myself, and would buy it again even at the higher price. <end>  Dazzling!  Who doesn't love bling? I have to say this is one of the nicest rings for the money that I've ever bought, could absolutely "pass" to the most discerning eye. Too much fun to pass up; get one for yourself and I'm sure you'll be pleasantly surprised! <end>  it looks really cheap  it doesn't look anything like the picture. it looks cheap! but then again you get what you pay for right? what was i thinking? <end>  A pretty, inexpensive ring.  I paid $13 and got this ring in today. It arrived expeditiously, in good condition and appearing just like the picture.I found the CZs to sparkle brilliantly with their typical fiery (multicolored) sparkle. I agree with many others that if the stones were just a tad smaller, the fiery sparkle would tone down a bit and the CZs would give a better illusion of being real diamonds.The band is definitely thinner than in the picture, but it's serviceable. I got a size 9 to go with my fat fingers and it fits perfectly, if not maybe a half size too loose. I usually wear a 10, so I'm not sure if it is because I have lost weight since my last sizing or because they run big. I know that I can get away with a slightly smaller ring when the band is thinner.My main concern is where the band itself meets the two outermost stones. The finish is not smooth, noticeably so, and I'm not sure why though this is why I gave it 4 stars. I'll be posting a picture to detail exactly what I'm talking about.I plan to wear this ring every day and all the time, so it will definitely get beaten up and its stones knocked loose.I will take a picture of it now and, say, one every week hereafter to see how the stones look and the finish holds up. After a poor experience with what someone claimed to be rhodium plated sterling silver, I'm always skeptical of a ring's finish. If I'm not satisfied, I may amend my review. <end>  so pretty  I love, love, love this ring. The diamonds are not too big which makes it look real. its way better in real like the picture doesn't do it justice. so pretty!!! and quick shipping! <end>  beautiful!!  I love the ring it looks dainty and i wear it all the time and am glad i ordered it. Thank you amazon you are the best as always!! -) <end>  Amazing for the price!  I received this ring today. It looks very nice on my finger. Not too big or too small and I have fairly big hands (long fingers). For the price you can't go wrong! No one will know it's a CZ if you don't tell!! Go ahead...buy it, you'll be glad you did!! <end>  very beautiful  I do not think it is fake or it is too simple. It is not the best ring but it is very beautiful. I recommend this ring <end>  I can do better!  I don't like it all, I'm going to return it. Even for the price I paid, it's not worth it! <end>  Fits perfectly!  I love the feel of it on my finger and it really sparkles and shines. It is a great wear for a special occasion and would be a great gift to many. <end>  I love this ring!  This ring is so pretty! My fiance gave it to me as an engagement ring on Christmas Eve in front of my entire family. I love the ring and everyone in the family who looked at it loved it too. I got a LOT of "OHHH it's so pretty" and "Wow, that's nice!" I absolutely love this ring. It fits perfectly and feels like it has always been there on my finger. I'm not one who wears rings on a regular basis, or ever, really. So this ring feeling so natural and comfy is perfect for me! It sparkles like real diamonds, and my brother thought it was white gold. <end>  Beautiful Sparkler  This is a beautiful piece and I recommend it to anyone looking to add some sparkle to their hand or that of a loved one. Purchased for my wife, she absolutely loves it, and the price was amazing through Amazon under my Prime membership. Highly recommended for adding some brilliance at a very affordable price. <end>  Looks great!  Ordered this as a gift to myself for Christmas and I'm definitely pleased with my purchase. Ring is petite and stones are larger than anticipated. Definitely an eye-catcher. <end>  A Beauty  3-Stone Beautiful ring! Clear stones and nice size stones.Nice right hand ring for every day wear. I would recommend this ring. <end>  Really nice ring!!!  Came perfect and brand new!! This baby shines so bright, it almost looks like the real thing!! Get it your going to love it like I do!!! <end>  ok  obviously for a low price your not going to get an amazing ring, although As you can see in the picture the ring for look shiny from the circle part As well As the "diamonds" it's ok for the price but the circle part actually has a very plastic feeling and look, the CZ(cubic zirconia) doesn't look amazing either, it's a good ring for the price I guess and anyone seeing it from a distance maybe 5 feet away at least , it'll look good <end>  love it!  this ring was awsome i wasnt sure about getting it at first but i took a chance and i really do love it its shimy and sparkely and you can do your daily activitys while wearing it.and it also keeps everyone guessing on how much he spent on my ring =) <end>  A good temp ring for my amazing girl tell the real engagement ring comes in =)  I just feel bad that the real ring is not coming in as soon as they say it would so I just think it would be good to get this temp ring and tell her the other one is coming in =)... I like I hope she dose too <end>  Good for the money  Since my house was broken into and all my real jewelry was stolen I have ben buying stuff to replace my real jewelry ( after the home owners deductible we barley got any money from insurance!). This ring was purchased to wear as a right hand ring. It does sparkle like crazy, even after wearing it every day for a month! I haven't noticed any issues with the silver cracking, but I do take it off while cleaning. For the money this is a great ring! <end>  unforgettable  This ring shines and catches you eye from a distance and can you believe the price you could not find a better deal any where shipped to your door on time <end>  Great Present!  I bought this for my girlfriend for Christmas. After looking at the reviews, I noticed that people weren't satisfied so I told the seller that if the product is good, than I will be more than happy to speak my honest opinion. I do recommend this product. It came is a box and was safe when it arrived.Thank you! <end>  Ring  Stones are cloudy and tinted kind of yellow in certain light but then again the price is right isn't it? The silver is stamped very small inside the ring but it is also stamped CHINA very large - much bigger then the silver stamp - kinda of cheap if you ask me.... <end>  very satisfied  this was for one of my buddies to give to his gf and he was suprised at how good it looks, it looks great definately work the money, he loved it and i will seriously consider buying in the future, also shipping time was great <end>  Beautiful Ring  I would recommend this ring to anybody,and although it isn't a real diamond,people think that it is,the quality is excellent !!!! Thanks to amazon and the sellers for this lovely ring,and i plan on buying alot more in the near future for sure !!!! <end>  super glam!!  extremely beautiful ring...does not look at all like a cubic zircon ring instead looks more like a pricey diamond ring...a wonderful product...super glam! <end>  Amazing!  The ring is so beautiful, it's clean, classy, and the diamonds reflect light beautifully. I recommend this if you are unsure! <end>  Stones are small  I couldn't tell by the way the this ring was portrayed from Amazon that the stones were so small !! I love wearing cubics but I like them big. If you are going with fake, might as well get BIG ones. I will probably give this one away <end>  Great deal for the price.  For the price it's a beautiful ring and doesn't feel heavy. If you look real close you may figure out it's not real but it's perfect for me because I damaged my original ring and I'm not sure if I'm going to repair it or make it into a pendant because I'm active and will damage it again most likely, so this is good to show I'm "taken" so I won't get approached in public etc. I would recommend it for single girls who might go somewhere where they might get approached. If I was in a bad area I might turn it around so just the band shows because the stones are rather large. <end>  Is it real?!!!!  My wife has a real diamond ring, but wanted a fake one to wear to work. (she's a nurse and didn't want the real one dirty.) Everyone loves this ring they can't tell it's not the real one!!! My wife says the only thing she can tell is different is it weighs less!! <end>  not very happy  This ring looks like a cheap Walmart ring. you can tell it is sterling instead of gold. I have gotten other cubic rings that really look like the real thing. <end>  Sent it back  I ordered this item because it was supposed to be a fake/stand-in for my real engagement ring while in Mexico. However, it didn't arrive until after we got back from our vacation, when it was supposed to arrive the week before we left. I was highly disappointed. <end>
 B000OEL3CG  Spangles 7 Piece Sparkling Bracelet Set (sold individually) ||	  misleading  The description said 7 piece set, but when you look at the product picture you think your getting 7 pieces not 7 little rings for the arm. I paid 2 times more for this shipping than the product cost. Then I got 7 pink arm rings where the picture shows several colors. You can't pick the colors because you are thinking they are coming in a multi pak. I had no problem with the item being sent here but this company stands by their name. <end>  dont buy this  i order them few days ago .and i dont like them at all .they are easy to bend and it dont look how they show in picture  ( waste of money <end>  Not impressed  The product picture makes you think you will be getting something with color. I was very disappointed when i opened it and found plain gold. The color was the reason i bought them for my daughter. I guess you get what you pay for. <end>  not at all as advertised  I threw them out. Really.didn't like, didn't like, didn't like waste of moneytoo small, only one colorcheap <end>  scoundrels  scoundrels!, say 7 pieces and do not specify that. deceivers!, with the cover image. why not say that the 7 PIECES are rings. That is very wrong!. repent and change that picture. the time of exchange was gold mirrors for centuries <end>  decepcionante  Se supone que es la caja como la de la foto lo que estan vendiendo , no un juego.decepcionante para el precio <end>  BANGLES  THESE WERE JUST CHEAP. BROKE FIRST TIME TRYING TO PUT THEM ON. WERE NOT EVEN WORTH THE MONEY PAID FOR THEM. I WOULD HAVE GAVE THEM AWAY <end>  Crap  I thought it would come as it is shown. You get seven tiny bracelets....not seven collections of bracelets each. It comes in a very small box that you could probably get at a dollar store for...well...a $1. <end>  Not worth it  No choice of color, and all of the pieces come in the same color. Really inexpensive, but equally cheap in appearance. Don't waste your money here. <end>  VERY DISSATISFIED!  VERY DISSAPOINTED WHEN I GOT THESE! THE PICTURE IS VERY DECEIVING, YOU THINK YOU ARE GETTING ALL THE COLORS IN THE PICTURE AND YOU ACTUALLY ONLY GET SEVEN OF ONE COLOR VERY CHEAP. I COULD HAVE GOT THESE AT THE DOLLAR STORE! SHIPPING COST MORE THAN THE BRACELETS DID. NOT WORTH IT AT ALL <end>  Fun, fun, fun,,,  Very, very nice and well worth the price!!! I would and did order more of the same for myself or as gifts. <end>  bracelets  The bracelets were not what the picture shows at all! Very disappointed, I thought they were going to be bright viberant colors and they were just silver, plain and boring / <end>  Gifts  These gifts were purchased as a gift. They arrived on time and exactly what packaged. My wife loves the Toggle bracelet and boasts off with it at her daughter's school. My daughter loves the Spangles(green)and wears then constantly. She cannot sneak up behind me anymore cause i hear her coming......excellent. <end>  cute bracelts  I got these for my girls. They turned out to be very pretty and seem quite durable. I got one for each. The colors I recieved were purple and lavender. i got 7 of each of the colors I just listed. I would order again form this company, next time I will order more to get more of a variety of colors. <end>  Smile Maker  This was a gift for my grand daughter. She's a happy camper! I bought this item last year and must say they are more durable than I expected them to be. She still has & shares them with others during her playdates. <end>  no puedo quedar mejor  Lo compramos para una adolesence y quedo encantada cuando recibio el regalo. pienso que es muy apropiado y sobre todo por el precio es muy buen producto. <end>
 B000OMHCNM  10k Gold Round 7-Stone Diamond Ring (1/4 cttw, H-I Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Beautiful Ring!  I purchased this as a follow up to my engagement ring and it was a perfect match! The ring is gorgeous and made me very happy with my purchase. <end>  Absolutely loooove iiitttt!  Just received my ring a day earlier than expected. I was nervous while opening it, afraid I wouldn't like it but when I saw it I absolutely adored it! In perfect shape, the diamonds are sparkly, the gold is shiney. Completely satisfied with it overall. It looks great next to my engagement ring. <end>  Perfect!  I bought two of these as accent rings. They're great! The diamonds are subtle but still very sparkly and they show up great without being gaudy. I love this ring! Great buy! <end>  she loves it!  My girlfriend works in healthcare and she loves this ring because it doesnt snag the rubber gloves she has to put on and take off all day long.its dainty and pretty and she loves it and when the woman is happy we all are right? LOL <end>  Beautiful  This ring is exactly what I wanted. It's beautiful... with a great sparkle. I received it in less than 48 hours. I can't wait to match this ring up with my engagement ring. <end>  So So pretty!  It looks so gorgeous next to my engagement ring. I thought it was going to be thinner but to my surprise it has the perfect width. I have had it for a couple of days so I still can't say how durable it will be but it looks like it was well made. I highly recommend this for the price! <end>  Good Price but looks cheap  Bought this ring for my wedding becasue the ring was well priced. It looks cheap next to her other ring. Very little stones. <end>  Beautiful!  I love my ring! It was exactly what I was hoping for and it looks amazing with my engagement ring. I can't wait until I can wear it all the time. =) <end>  Nice for the price  I ordered this ring from Canada and I was shocked how fast it was delivered.It was less than 24 hrs with standard shipping which was a pleasent surprise.It was packaged securely as well.The ring itself is nice but very thin and light. It is hollow on the sides but it can only be seen from the inside. The diamonds are very included and do not sparkle as much as my engagement ring diamond. This is to be expected for an I2-I3 diamond. However, I spent quite a bit of time looking artound in local stores and most affordable rings are no better in calrity(I1- I3) but much more expensive. I looked at a similar ring, 7stone, I1-I2 clarity, same diamond weight, just a bit more solid ring and it was selling for $799 CAD.Overall I am very happy with my purchase as no store around here would beat the price. <end>  Awesome  Title says it all. Great price, prompt service (ordered on a Friday, received on a Monday), and the ring was make-my-wife-cry beautiful. Top quality all around. <end>  Pretty and Dainty  I love this ring. I got the yellow gold ring which has the white gold prongs. It is very sparkly and dainty which I like. It compliments my wedding set and doesn't compete with it. A great deal! Although, I bought it for $99.99 when it was on sale. <end>  Beautiful!  This ring is gorgeous! The setting is nice and it has a nice sparkle to it. It is small enough so that it is not gawdy looking, but big enough to make a statement. I am very pleased with this purchase! <end>  Sparkly  This ring has nice presence for it's relatively small size. The diamonds are great for the price - very fiery if not crystal clear. It sparkles beautifully in almost every light condition. On my hand, the diamonds reach across the entire front of my finger, making it look like an eternity band. Well done! <end>  slim, prestige and pretty  I received the package in Singapore ^^ two days after I placed the order.It is very beautiful; definitely worth the price @ $159. I love the spread of the seven diamonds which has a nice setting whenever I wear it.For men, it would be a wonderful gift for your girlfriend, wife or mother.For women, if you are looking for something with budget, this is great. <end>  Sparkling and Beautiful  My husband got me this ring in yellow gold for the holidays because I wanted something to go with my wedding ring. This ring is everything the other reviews say it is! It fits perfectly on my finger with my wedding ring, looks beautiful and the diamonds are well-set, well-faceted and very sparkly. I'm 5'3" and it looks perfect.If you're looking for a smaller ring that makes a wonderful statement, I can't recommend this one enough  ) <end>  An excellent, well balanced gift!  I wanted to a purchase a ring for my special someone in order to represent our committment to one another, like that of a promise ring, that I could give as a holiday gift. I didn't want to pay some of the outrageous prices in stores for rings that didn't even impress me. Though I was very skeptical about making a purchase of jewelry online at first, I decided I'd search anyway. I came across this particular ring and really thought it was the one. It's the perfect balance of beauty and elegance, yet not overbearingly flashy. More than that it was very affordable with the sale price. When I finally received the ring it was all that I had hoped for! My only concern was that I was correct in the size I had chosen, and luckily I was. My significant other absolutely loves the ring and things couldn't have gone more smoothly. I RECOMMEND THIS RING TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR THAT PERFECTLY BALANCED GIFT!! <end>  Beautiful!  So I was sceptical when I first saw this ring. But seriously, it is absolutely gorgeous in person. Just enough shine and sparkle to make a statement but small enough to not busy up my hand. I HIGHLY recommend it! <end>  Great buy - lots of sparkle on a delicate ring.  I am very happy with this ring. My husband got it for me for our anniversary to replace my old wedding band. I like it so much that I'll be asking for another one for Christmas so I can have one on both sides of my engagement ring. It's a great buy with lots of sparkle. Exactly what I wanted. <end>  diamonds for great price.  my wife loves the ring, it was a great gift. extremelly cheap and high quality. <end>  A little bit cloudy but sparkle very well  I got this ring when it is on sale. Good price and very fast shipment. Item matches others' reviews. Even though stones are a little bit cloudy but sparkle really well. It is very comfortable to wear and the design is simple but neat looking. I would recommend this ring to other shoppers. <end>  Wow! Finally!  I've already had to return several rings on Amazon due to them being nothing like the picture or just feeling cheap and flimsy. This band has really made my day. It is a thinner band which is exactly what I wanted, but it sparkles almost better than my engagement ring. It feels solid and not cheap; the diamonds look amazing. If you're hesitant like I am, then know that this ring looks JUST like you think it will. I also appreciate the fast shipping. <end>  Love It  Size fit perfect. Ring is very beautiful. I wear everyday and am thinking about buying another one. Very pretty and I am very satisfied with the purchase. <end>  size  I need the same one but in 6.75 size. I really need it, I been looking a lot but this one is the choosen one. <end>  Just what I wanted  Perfect fit...looks great with my solitaire. Have been looking at this ring for awhile and finally my husband got the hit. <end>  Extremely Pleased  I just received this ring to give to my wife for our 30th anniversary. I purchased based on the mostly good reviews and I was not disappointed. The ring is VERY nice with good sparkle and clarity in the diamonds. I would highly recommend this product and I am positive my wife will be thrilled with it as well. If you are shopping on a budget you can't go wrong. <end>  Great product for the price  My wife and I are very please with the quality. We got so many complements on it.Everybody who's seen it has loved it. <end>  Wifey loved it!!!  I surprised my wife with this for her birthday and she loved it. She had been hinting at it for awhile since she only had an engagement ring. Now her set is complete and she is finally happy....for now haha. <end>  For the price  The ring looks good for the price.The diamonds are small and a bit cloudy but the ring overall is quite nice looking. I bought this for my fiancee so that she can have a daily wearable ring and not have to worry about scratching, scuffing, diamonds missing from her engagement ring.This ring hits that mark. <end>  Ring  I'm not a big jewelry guy but this is a beautiful ring and my wife loves it. Well worth the price. <end>  Absolutely Gorgeous!!  My husband bought this for me as an upgrade to my gold wedding band and it is beautiful. It is modest and sparkles so much. You will not be disappointed. <end>  Beautiful!  I will admit, I was skeptical about buying a ring online without seeing it in person first..But, this ring is absolutely stunning! The diamonds may be considered "small" for some, but they are a perfect size for me. This ring does not stick up very much either. It looks great with my solitaire and stacks perfectly with it. The diamonds are very sparkly as well! If you buy this ring, I do not think you will regret it. <end>  Very nice ring!  I got this ring in two days. This is first. The ring looks exactly as it looks on picture. It is thin, light and comfortable. Diamonds are very sparkly. It looks much more expansive than it is. Perfect perfect ring. Highly recommended!!! <end>  I need another one!  My husband purchased this ring to go with a half karat diamond solitary for our 25th anniversary. I love it. After it arrived we decided one on each side of the solitary would look fantastic. We bought the first one on sale. Hopefully the price will go a little lower again. Even if it doesn't I'll be getting another one. It's dainty, sparkling, bright, all you could hope for. Two together with my solitary will really look great. <end>  Gold Wedding Band  I wanted something to wear that was pretty and not too big as my fingers swell in the summer. This is a great ring. Just the right size stones and I can wear it with no problems. It does not get too tight when my fingers swell. It looks really nice. I highly reccommend it. <end>  Chic Ring  At first I was surprised at the small size...the picture makes the ring and the size of the diamonds look bigger. But now I am used to the size...it is petite and chic. I love wearing it alone or stacked with another diamond ring. It gives my attire a bit of "glitz" and I love it! <end>  Quite feminine and beautiful  I found this ring to be what I expected from the image. It's quite nice and the stones are small, but not too small. Excellent ring to add to your wedding finger to help bring out the shimmer and compliment your already existing piece or wear on your right hand - which I do. It's light in weight, the stones are a little cloudy, but do catch sparkle. For the price it was a good investment. I may even buy another and wear them together! <end>  Perfect Ring for the perfect occassion  I purchased this affordable ring for my girlfriends birthday...it was also for an engagement proposal which went over perfectly. The ring is beautiful and well worth the price. Much nicer than rings at double the price at local department stores. I couldn't have asked for a better deal! <end>  Not worth price paid  Not worth the price paid. Its a nice ring but its too small, thin, and the quality can be found for less <end>  Little ring - big impact  I needed very slim bands with diamonds to be set on either side of an existing ring.I shopped everywhere & these were the perfect slim size, very sparkly & priced right.I took them to my jeweler & had them sized & soldered - they're perfect. <end>  GORGEOUS!!!  This ring was purchased as a promise ring for my girlfriend. It is absolutely gorgeous. I can't believe the amount of sparkle for the price. The stones are very clear. It's not a huge ring but it's big enough and it just glitters and glitters! What a great deal!! <end>  Absolutely Perfect  I am a simple, yet stylish person and this ring could not be more perfect in all aspects. I recommend this to anyone who doesn't needs large rocks to prove how much you love someone! <end>  So pretty and great bargain for .23k diamond ring  I received this as a gift, and I just love it. I like to pair it with my white gold cathedral style wedding ring. It enhances my beautiful wrapped wedding ring set without competing with it. Really does look like it should cost more. <end>  beautiful ring  This ring was exactly what I was looking for. It is simple yet elegant and fits perfectly. It arrived in a timely manner and in excellent condition. <end>  Beautiful!  I'm completely satisfied with this ring! It's even prettier in person than the picture online. It's very dainty and feminine. <end>  Lovely little ring  Update  Over one year after purchase, I have to say that I really do love this ring. It's so comfortable and still sparkles beautifully. I never take it off (except for cleaning) and it's holding up great. Still love it!Original review  This ring sparkles beautifully. I think it would make more of a "statement" in the smaller sizes. I wear a size 8 and it looks somewhat petite on my hand. Nevertheless, it is a simple, timeless design, and I am very happy I ordered it. It beats my CZ's hands down. You really can tell the difference. It's a keeper! <end>  exactly what I wanted!  small, dainty but with lots of sparkle. I've been looking for a ring like this for a while but didn't want to spend big bucks. the diamonds are small but you can't tell when you're wearing it. The yellow gold is a little light, I initially thought it was white gold when I first took it out of the box. other than that I love it and plan to buy another so I can stack them. <end>  Very pleased with a beautiful piece of jewelry  I bought this as the wedding band to go with a low-profile 56 diamond engagement band. After the wedding we had the two bands soldered together, and they looked incredible! For the money, you can't find a prettier band with more value for the price. I highly recommend this ring, and I know that my wife would do the same.By the way, because of the approachable price, I'm purchasing a second to have as insurance if our first is ever lost or damaged - you can't do that with a lot of jewelry because of the price, but with this one I definitely can for more peace of mind. <end>  Sooooo amazingly beautiful  We bought this ring as a wedding band companion to the engagement ring he gave me. I read all the reviews and was excited...but I wasn't ready for what I saw. This ring is sooooo beautiful! I have a diamond ring from a former relationship that's VS1, G clarity and this band looks as nice as that one. This is a beautiful ring that anyone would be proud to wear.  ) <end>  Love it !  This ring is very dainty and cute. I wear it as a promise ring and it looks almost like a thin wedding band. It fits my finger in a way that you only really even see the diamonds, making it look like an eternity ring. It has exceeded my expectations. <end>  Great Ring  I bought this ring as it was nice and affordable. When it arrived, I was very pleased with the ring as it was exactly as described. I have now been wearing this ring for six months and it still has a great sparkle to it and has held up very well...I am a very active horse rider, so the ring has taken quite a beating, but it still looks as good as they day I bought it. <end>  Good for the money  I boought this for my wife and she love it blood! Plus, Amazon gave me a discount which made me love it more... <end>  It was ok..  I recieved this ring from my boyfriend. It was nice, but the ring size was too big.. I sent back the ring. <end>  wrong size  Can you please send me a size 7 and not a size 9 as ordered. I clicked it by accident. My fault. I just made the order about 15 minutes ago. thanks <end>  Great ring  This ring was a 10 year anniversary gift from my husband. I wear it with my solid wedding band and my .50c diamond. It fits perfectly as a beautiful accent. The band is solid and well made and for the price you really can't go wrong. Very satisfied. <end>  Love it!!!  OMG! What a surprise I got when my tracking number came through within 24 hours - and 3 days later it arrived here in Australia! Super speedy delivery - first tick!Then another surprise when I opened the gorgeous gift box and saw the ring. So shiny! So beautiful!! Can't wait to be wearing it permanently after my wedding day  ) Best wedding band I found that I liked - and fantastic price!! Fits in great with my engagement ring.THANK YOU! <end>  very very elegant  I ordered the yellow gold & I just receive the ring today & I like it very very much ,although it isactually thinner than the one in the picture, but the stones are really sparkly. defiantly I will purchase this again. <end>  Fantastic ring  I bought the white gold version and it was beautiful the first time I saw it. It's a very simple yet elegant design, not too flashy, but the flashy is there. If you're girl doesn't want the flashy bling bling and only wants a simple yet classic design, then this is perfect for her. Also shipped in it's own box so I didn't have to order another box. <end>  warped ring  if this ring hadn't been warped i would have given it 5 stars for sure. but it arrived warped and with gold thicker on one side of the band than the other.the diamonds were sparkly and pretty and you couldn't beat the price.it was such a pain to have to send back and find something else locally...we would have rather had THIS ring.i will try again next time. <end>  Beautiful!  My only wish is I had ordered 2 (one for each side of my engagement ring).I have 2 in diapers so have to watch what I spend. I lost my wedding band and engagement ring (a 1/2 carat princess cut) over 2 years ago and have been missing having a ring.The diamonds aren't as big as I would like, but it is beautiful. It sparkles beautifully. I would recommend this to others looking for a beautiful ring on a budget. <end>  Lovely!  I am very pleased with my purchase! This ring is very sweet and delicate, and it sparkles and shines. Lovely! <end>  Nice...  I purchased this after seeing how many people posted their own pictures. I thought it was nice to get an "honest" view of the ring, rather than the super sized extra detailed close up. On the reviewers hands you could see things more to scale. This ring is very light weight. You cannot even tell it is on your hand it is so slight. But it lights up and catches the light which is what I wanted. I had gotten a unbeatable deal on a ring about 5 years ago and I lost the ring recently. I am so disappointed and wanted <end>  its not bad for the price  looks better in the picture than when you get it, different than the pictures that were submitted the diamonds are smaller and not very sparkly but for the price it is a nice ring <end>  Great ring!!  Perfect! Looks great with my solitaire engagement ring. It was shipped very quickly and was just as it was described! <end>
 B000OMIPC4  14k White Gold Diamond Ring (1/5 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Pretty, Dainty, Poorly made  The ring is very dainty. It does have some sparkle. The band is very thin, which I liked about it because I have very petite hands. The only problem is that I've had the ring for about a month and a diamond has already fallen out. <end>  great addition to wedding set  This addition makes my wedding set look like a million bucks! Great thin band that adds more sparkle to solitaire and infinity band. <end>  review  excellent rings, the price is great and the workmanship is extraordinary, the only drawback is the extremely long waiting period, i purchased 3 of this rings and are pretty satisfied with them. <end>  Unique shape  Wife loved it, only drawback is she wanted a band to go with it and due to the raised flat sides it has been hard to find one. <end>  LOVE IT  This band is gorgeous. It sparkles and is very feminine. A thin elegant look and goes perfect with my high set engagement ring. I dont want to take it off! <end>
 B000OR3IYO  14K White Gold Pear Genuine White Topaz Celtic Claddagh Ring ||	  Looks nothing like picture  First of all, the pictured ring looks nothing like what arrived. The stone looks of poor quality and cheapens the ring. Rather than any clarity, the stone is a stark white. This ring does not sparkle at all. Majorly disappointed with this item - cubic zirconia would have looked better! <end>
 B000OR601M  14k Yellow Gold Marquise Diamond Solitaire Engagement Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Size 7 ||	  wonderful  My husband bought this for me as a surprise Valentines gift. I thought OMG an internet bought ring.....thinking more in lines of fake and gody...but it was beautiful...couldn't have picked out a better ring myself <end>  Outstanding!  I just received this ring and couldn't be more thrilled. It is absolutely beautiful. I couldn't pass up the great price (was 70% off). If it is supposed to be lower quality in clarity and color, you certainly don't see it when you look at the ring. It just sparkles and is just perfect! <end>  completely surprised!  I recieved this ring as an engagement ring(when we were married we didn't have the money), I was completely surprised at the beauty of this item. Its also much bigger than I'd expected. The sparkle and the clarity of this item is worth every penny! I had shopped around for quite a bit before selecting this ring. I couldn't find one ring that was even close to this beautiful, and the price was amazing. This is my favorite Christmas yet! <end>  Not as expected  Since this is a diamond, I did not receive any Guarantee Certificate to guarantee its authentic caratage. <end>  has black stone  there is a black stone in side the diamond.I am not gona buy and diamond online from now on. <end>
 B000OTQMTU  Singapore 10 Cent "Sea Horse" Two Tone Gold on Silver World Coin Tie Tack ||	  Given as a gift, recipient like it.  Bought this and related jewelry as gifts for family members. We thought they were very nice and they like them. The price is fair for what they are. <end>
 B000OUYN6S  10k Tri-Colored Gold Diamond Stack Ring (1/4 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity), Set of 3 ||	  Disappointing  Online this ring looks great, but in person it is disappointing. I have small hands (size 5) and while it is obviously a dainty ring, the teeny stones made it look like children's jewelry. The prongs are the only metal that is visible when you wear it, so looking down at it you can't appreciate that the ring is made of 3 different colors. Based on the other reviews I took a chance and I don't want anyone else to make the same mistake. I've returned the ring and am looking forward to picking out something else. Amazon as usual made the return process very easy! <end>  Great Item / Great Value  My wife has tricolor bracelets and I bought her these rings to match them and she loves them! [...] it was a true homerun purchase of unbeatable value. Rings look great and the diamonds sparkle nicely. Highly recommend. <end>  So So  Pros  The rings had a nice weight for the current prices of gold (averaging $86 a ring for a set of 3) and it would be hard to dent or bend the bands. Most could wear these on a daily basis and only get normal wear to the surface. Even though there is three rings I ordered my normal ring size and being they are skinny in width they fit my finger (I usually have to order a size larger for stack bands to account for the ring widths).Cons  The bands widths are skinny making it hard to notice the tri-color contrast. The diamond quality is very poor. The diamonds are extremely tiny and when you inspect them they are milky grey in color. I don't even think there is a diamond grade for this kind of quality.  (It wasn't what I was looking for and returned the set. <end>  i Love it!  When you will look at the 3 rings it looks like a child ring but if you all of them, it so elegant...Can't stop staring at them &lt;3 <end>  Delicate, yet perfect!  I was so excited to receive this ring set; it was a special gift for myself. As soon as I put it on, I knew it was perfect. I have really tiny hands, so I didn't want a set that would look huge, or silly, and this set was just right. It is quite delicate, so if you're looking for something flashy, this isn't for you. However, the sparkle is subtle, but really shows through in the light and the colors make this ring a perfect match for the rest of your jewelry. I most definitely recommend this set! Now if I could only stop looking down at my hand ;) <end>  Sleek Elegance  These rings are very sleek and modern. The diamonds shine nicely in the right light. The rings put together are smaller than imagined but still satisfying. I recommend this product for anyone seeking tri-colored gold and sleek elegance. <end>  If you're looking for great diamonds, don't stop here...  This trio of rings looks great in the photo, but not so much in real life. The diamonds look more like chips, which is to be expected given that the total weight is just .25 carats and is spread out between three individual rings. When you put it on, it does sparkle in the same way glitter might, so one would certainly know they are diamonds.I was undecided as to if I wanted to keep it or not, but I decided to keep it when I asked some co-workers their opinions. Most liked the ring(s) right away. It wasn't until I placed them next to a ring with far superior diamond quality that anyone really had any criticisms for this product.To be fair, I'd wouldn't say that I absolutely hate these rings; the good thing about them is that they are channel set in such a way that you can see each individual band is a differnt color gold.In short, if you're looking for an inexpensive trio to wear daily or maybe incorporate into other stackables you've purchased in the past, give this one a chance. If you're looking for fine diamonds, this probably isn't the product for you. <end>  Love these  I wear these beautiful rings almost everyday. They are just enough of a touch of diamonds. They sparkle and the combination of the three different colors are great. <end>  WIFE WAS SO HAPPY  RECEIVED THE TRI RINGS VERY PRETTY GAVE TO THE WIFE OF 23 YEARS AND SHE JUST MELTED AND SAID I LOVE YOU <end>
 B000OV78GE  Sterling Silver Purple Cats Eye Stone 8mm Bead Stud Earrings ||	  Stay away  Very pretty, and you think you can't go wrong for the price. Not so. The stud broke off from the post the first time I wore them. Also, with shipping hovering around $5, think twice. <end>
 B000OVHTDQ  Ceres CZeckpoint Diamond Tester - Rechargeable battery powered ||	  Ceres does the job  `I was needing a reliable and repeatable source for diamond identification. Ceres CZeckpoint has filled the bill for the past twenty years. It's portability has been very beneficial as well as convenient for me to take to shows with me. The competetative price made it affordable and an excellent investment. <end>
 B000OVHTUE  3 White Leather Padded 2 Tier Necklace Pendant Bust Showcase Displays 12.5" ||	  Just perfect  Just the right size for my craft display. I only wished I could have had a larger table to spread them out a little more or maybe a second table. Next year I will rent to booth spaces so I can set up a second table. <end>
 B000OVHUOE  20 Pouches Black Velvet Drawstring Jewelry Bags 2" ||	  Decent product  Received items well ahead of scheduled delivery window. Items were sensibly packaged and no damage was noted.Jewelry bags were of the right size I was looking for. Material was soft and thick, very thick from what I am used to, which is a plus as it cushions anything I place in these bags.I am a little turned off by the large "Made in the PRC" tag in each bag. Because of this I don't wish to purchase any more of this item. But this does not change the decent construction or quality of the product. Any issue related to the tag is at the discretion of the individual buyer.Update I've been using these bags for several weeks now and have had one fail. The drawstring on one bag turned into several long threads and then broke completely. The bag itself is still good with no signs of even wear or tear. Have to rethread a cord through this one. <end>  Velvet jewelry bags from Amazon  I'm going to order larger bags...these are great for small earrings, but larger earrings and bracelets need the 5" bags. they're well made and a bargin pricewise <end>
 B000OVHVQ6  100 Gold Paper Gift Bags Shopping Sales Tote Bags 4 x 6" ||	  Great Gift Bags  I actually purchased these bags to put jewelry in as door prizes for 257 guests at a luncheon our sorority chapter put on November 10th. I also purchased organza bagsanother company in the colors of our theme, which we ended up using.However, we decided to keep the gold paper bags to use for another project, possibly at our Founders Day in April, orfor the conference we'll be having on November 9, 2013. They are great bags, and we'll definitely be using them in thenear future. Another note  These bags were received the day after I ordered them, which was a big plus in my book.Thank you. <end>  Very nice little bags for my handmade jewelry  As a hobby, I make bracelets and necklaces and occasionally sell them at small craft shows. It's nice to have a little bag like this and they were priced right. <end>  Too small for what I needed but okay.  Came very quickly. Very reasonable but really too small for what I needed. My own fault for not reading the size better. Thanks. <end>  Perfect  These paper gift bags are perfect for my homemade bars of soap! They are the right size, and work well. <end>  Wow! this was a great purchase and highly recommended  What a great purchase and worth it, it is everything they said it was and I am a happy customer. <end>  Gold paper gift bags  Boxes for jewelry and small gifts are frequently not available. Decorative tissue artfully arranged and placed in the bag, makes any gift look special. <end>  Elegant and useful  Great little bags for selling jewelry at a fair or bazaar. Small, perfect for earrings, a bracelet, etc. Pretty and petite, and not flimsy. Thin, so you can tuck a stack easily into a box for travel. <end>  Nice little jewelry bag  These are pretty small jewelry bags but they are really cute and also nice quality. They will hold a necklace and pair of earrings but not a large set. <end>  Attractive & Useful!  These small bags are indeed attractive & particularly nice to place a gift box of jewelry in. Perfect size for small items. Do keep in mind the little attractive writing on the pretty imprinted motif says "Jewelry of Quality". At the same time, if you have a to/from label, you can put it over the wording & you still have a 2 lovely little roses rising above your label.Do keep in mind these are small bags...check those measurements to make sure your gifts will fit. I've used my stash of them for not only jewelry but many small gifts for this past Christmas, especially handy for several small items. Since they come in 100's they should last most people for a pretty long time. <end>  great  Works great for what I use it for... Jewelry ........ ............... .............. ............... ................. ................................ .... ... xxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xx <end>  Great  Very good item for my jewelry selection.Just the right size to use with organza bags. Thank you so much. <end>  Classy way of selling to customers, it just make it more finished.  Fast delivery. Great price. Nice simple design on outside of bag. I like to bag the customers' purchases...it just seems to finish the deal a little more professionally. Plus it gives me a place to include a business card for future contact and purchases. <end>  useful!  Will be used for the tiny items in our shop.Perfect for jewelry and any small item. All customers will like this. <end>  CLASSY LI'L BAGS!  These are small bags, great for selling small jewelry pieces already in baggies. They have no width at the bottom, so you use them more like sleeves. The design is beautiful & looks very professional. <end>  Lovely bags, customers happy  My customers love getting these little bags with their jewelry items at a craft fair. These are small and elegant, and make my sales feel a bit more professional. There is a nice little image of a flower on the front, not too gawdy. I am proud to use these and will purchase again. <end>  As advertised. Works well for small jewelry items.  What can I say? It's a bag for small jewelry items. They are well-made and pretty. Great touch to finish off a sale. <end>
 B000OVJX4E  12 Black Metal Earring Dancer Jewelry Showcase Display Stands 4 5/8" ||	  metal dancer displays; cute look  These displays give a nice appearance and trendy look. You have to be careful about people knocking them over; they are a bit unstable for heavy earrings. <end>
 B000OVJXP8  24 Jewelry Chinese Silk Pouches Chain Gift Display 3.5" ||	  Poor Quality  I order two sets of these pouches and received them today. Very poor quality with paper-like lining and the snaps torn through as I went to open the pouches. Worthless. Could not use them. <end>  Silk Pouches  Nice silk pouches. They are plastic lined with an inner zipper and an outer snap. All good quality. I use these to store pendulums and stones. <end>
 B000OVNLCO  Vanity Mirror Jewelry Cosmetics Counter Top Display 14" ||	  Strong, looks great, stands on its own, packs away neatly  Great mirror for craft shows! I bought 2 and have been very pleased with them. <end>  Good Product  I was satisfied with this product because it lets me do what I ordered it for, which is to style my hair while sitting down. Because of back and knee problems, standing for any amount of time is uncomfortable for me. However, I do wish this product was a little sturdier. The mirror appears to be only glued to the surface it is on, and it is loose at the bottom corner. I need to wait and see how it will hold up over time. <end>  Vanity mirror for jewelry shows  A perfect size to rest on your display table alongside your handmade jewelry at craft shows. It's a heavier-than-normal and taller-than-normal vanity mirror that your customers won't find necessary to pick up when trying on your jewelry. <end>  terrible  Not even worth 5 bucks... Enough said! Doesn't even deserve one star. I returned the item for my money back and recommend that you dont waste your time like i did <end>
 B000OVNLHY  12 Black Metal Earring Dancer Jewelry Showcase Display Stands 3.25" ||	  Just Right  I used these items for decoration on a birthday cake and they worked out perfect !They were the size I was looking for and the quanity was correct.I was very happy with the delivery date. <end>  For My Little Dancer Girl.  I loved it. My daughter is a dancer so I thought I would buy her something to reflect her passion. It is a pretty set of dancers, in various poses which are lightweight, in a black color and are very elegant. My daughter hangs some of her jewelry on them but uses them more for decoration. <end>  Absolutely adorable  I just love these absolutely adorable little dancers. They make a nifty earring holder tree that they are designed for but they also look good sitting on my desk and lined up in the window. What a deal too. 12 at a good price for me and I can also give the grandkids a couple with their birthday earrings. <end>  Very Unique Product  If you are looking for an eye-catcher then this is it; however, if you have a lot of earrings then this may not be the best product. In addition, it is not the best to store long earrings. But overall good product! <end>  Dancer Jewelry Display Stands  It is an attractive and useful item and makes a attractive display for jewelry and other items. It is just as described by the vendor. <end>  Satisfied  I have to admit they are slightly smaller than I was initially anticipating BUT I am thoroughly satisfied with this purchase. They are absolutely adorable! I bought them for displaying jewelry I make for shows and they make my jewelry look so nice and professional. I highly recommend them! <end>  Cute, functional and overall awesome  With my first order of the metal earring dancer jewelry showcase stands was one I made because I needed them to display jewelry I planned on selling. I was so happy with the product and the way they displayed my merchandise. People were more interested in buying the display stand than the earrings displayed which was a left me a little dismayed until I realized that I could actually make more sales if I included the display stand! And so, that's the way I marketed my jewelry from then only. One friend loved them so much that the next order I placed for the stands were for a complete set as a Christmas gift for her. Who knew that a purchase of necessity would turn into a profitable transaction and take care of a Christmas gift at the same time. <end>  Love these!  These little earring holder dancers are adorable. I love them. The only way to make them better would be if they were sightly taller for those longer dangling earrings. <end>  Very reasonable  These figurines were well prices and received faster then normal. My jewelry dispalys look great on them and I have received many compliments on the figurines. <end>
 B000OVNM00  Black Vinyl Jewelry Roll Necklace Chain Ring Bracelet Travel Display ||	  Jewelry Roll is not worth $20  I was looking for a good looking jewelry roll to take with me to jewelry shows and the picture of this one looked pretty good. When I received it, I was very disappointed. It's cheap looking and the space where you insert ID is not even big enough for a standard business card. I really don't think this is worth $20, maybe $10. I'm thinking I could find something at the flea market for less money and have it be better looking. It might work for personal use for trips but if you want to look professional, look elsewhere. <end>  Looks better online  Looks better online. I bought 3. And the despcription seemed like it was nice and really good quality. But it wasn't at all. It was cheap and the material thin. <end>  Jewel for travel  Brought this case to carry different items for cruise. Especially like the area for necklaces and chains. Plenty of room for rings, earrings and other jewelry. Also space for new purchases. <end>  Black Vinyl Jewelry Roll  Received this item promptly. I would not order it again if I were to have the opportunity to do it over. It is not what I thought it was. The sale went fine just not satisfied with the item itself. <end>
 B000OVNM6O  12 Pouches Gold Gift Bags Drawstring Jewelry Favor 5" ||	  Looks bad. The bags are stuck together.  Do not buy this. Cheap rubber color, which make the bags to stick together and and if you try to peel the bags the color will come out. Very bad packaging. They should have given individual paper in between each bag. <end>
 B000OVNN2M  100 Silver Paper Gift Bags Shopping Tote Sales Bag 6 x 4" ||	  Just what I ordered!  My bags arrived in good time and in great condition. They are perfect for my jewelry items I sell at the flea market and trade shows. And the wording that states 'Jewelry of Quality' is very appropriate for my products. I chose the silver and white color as it goes well with my black and white packaging I use for my jewelry line. Very pleased with my bags and my customers think they look very professional. <end>
 B000OVPAYQ  Necklace Bust White Leather Jewelry Showcase Display ||	  Works great for inside a light tent  We are photographing jewelry to sell on etsy-using a light tent also called a light box--and the regular bust resulted in too much shadow. This one works great in the light tent and there's a little hook in the back so if the necklace is too long you can "choke up" on it and make it fit. <end>
 B000OVPBK4  Black & Gray Velvet Jewelry Roll Bracelet Chain Necklace Ring Travel Display ||	  Jewelry Roll  This roll was smaller than I thought it would be. It is of decent construction, but considering the price, I think it could have been made out of better, higher quality materials. <end>
 B000OVPFIW  Black Leather Necklace Gift Box Jewelry Display Case ||	  It is Okay  The quality is okay. It probably is a little over priced fro what it is, but it did the job. <end>
 B000OWE2YO  Genuine Amethyst Stone Chip Confetti Toggle Bracelet ||	  Nice bracelet  This is a nice bracelet. It's definitely unique, but it looks alot more different than in the picture. The picture makes it look more full, whereas when you receive the it, you notice that the amethyst beads are not woven all around the bracelet...more like branches on a tree. You have "branches" with the amethyst beads attached to it. Overall, I like the product. <end>
 B000OWFSX8  14K White Gold Sapphire & Diamond Band Ring ||	  As described, looks beautiful!  I had a daughter in September and wanted a practical ring to wear instead of my solitaire and too-small plain band. This ring is perfect! It's unusual and very feminine, and has my daughter's birthstone. Would make a great wedding band with a simple solitaire, or a nice right-hand ring. <end>
 B000OWJKDM  AugustinaJewelry Freshwater Cultured Pearls 3-Pc Set 18 Inches 1-Strand 6.5-7mm White Pearl Necklace & 7-7.5 Inches 6.5-7mm White Pearl Bracelet & 6.5-7mm White Pearl Earrings ||	  Nice Item, Bad Packaging  I have purchased several items from this vendor and this item was GREAT, just like the rest. Only downsideis the presentation/gift box looks worse than what you would get from Target. <end>  Someone PLEASE rate this, so, I can buy it without sweating it!  Granted, These are cultured pearls instead of their most expensive cousin "sea pearls". Still, This set looks Beautiful and if it WERE sea pearls, you could skip it and buy 2 honda cars for the same price. No kidding, if you dont believe me, look it up!I am fine with the fact that I will never be able to get REAL sea pearls but, these are SOooo pretty...they are like the silver vs platinum! ya know. So rate them so, i can buy them! lol! thanks! <end>
 B000OWKTA0  14K Yellow Gold Tri Color 3-Band Rolling Ring - Size 7 ||	  It's just as pictured  This ring looks exactly as pictured. It's very comfortable and the three gold colors go with everything. It's great for everyday and dress. <end>
 B000OX77X6  14K White Gold Three 3 Stone Diamond Bridal Engagement Ring ||	  beautiful  My fiance got me this ring almost 2 years ago and I have yet to take it off. It is absolutely beautiful and I get so many complements on it! <end>
 B000OX9O4Q  14K Yellow Gold Peridot, Citrine & Diamond Ring ||	  so pleased  I was searching for a citrine and peridot ring, my late son's and my birthstones. Amazon.com is the place!This DivaDiamond ring is beautiful online and gorgeous in person....and the bonus being that it arrived on mybirthday....Thank you Amazon and thank you DivaDiamond! <end>
 B000OYH02S  Sterling Silver 7-Stone Cubic Zirconia Ring, Size 5 ||	  I purchased this on sale for my daughter...  and I am very pleased. It is well made and very sparkly. I bought the peridot and citrine as well and they stack well all together, with other rings or look great alone. Excellent SS ring for the price! <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring is GORGEOUS! It looks totally real when you look at it. The only way you can tell it's not is if you hold it because it's too light to be real. This could fool anyone. <end>  It's nice enough  It's nice enough, did not realize it would stick out so much. I wanted to where it with my wedding set but found that it looked better alone. I think if I stacked it with some other rings like it, it would be very pretty <end>
 B000OZBUWI  14KY gold 6.75mm buttercup earring jacket ||	  Makes studs look larger  I had purchased some tiny yellow diamond studs and this earring jacket set enhances those earrings. <end>
 B000OZFUDS  14KY Gold Small Flower Earring Jacket. 7/16 of a Inch In Diameter. ||	  Flower Earring Jacket  A pretty way to dress up any stud earring! I like them with my diamond and pearl studs. I also felt they were a good value. <end>  Good buy!  These earring jackets were just what I was looking for and the transaction went great! <end>  Very Happy  This was a gift for my very picky aunt. I was hesitant buying these on line,but was very happy and surprised with the quality of these jackets,as well as the customer service. I ordered these a little later than I should have and panicked that they wouldn't be here on time for her birthday. The customer service team reassured me that I would recieve them on time even if they had to ship them priorty. Well they did come on time and even better my aunt loves them!!! Yea..... <end>  GOOD THINGS COME IN SMALL PACKAGES  THESE EARRING JACKETS ARE DARLING AND NICE QUALITY.THEY ARE SMALL, SO PERFECT TO DRESS UP ANY STUD EARRING ANY DAY OF THE WEEK. I HAVE LARGER ONES, THAT I RARELY WEAR AND WANTED A MORE VERSITLE SIZE. THESE ARE EXACTLY WHAT I WAS LOOKING FOR. <end>  Just Enough Sparkle  These jackets are exactly what I was looking for. They dress up a stud earring without overpowering the stud. It is like finding the perfect frame for a painting. Great deal!!! <end>  Great Accent!  Perfect addition for any stud earring. Size was just right, did not overwhelm the earring or the earlobe.I would buy this again as a gift. <end>  Very pretty little jackets. Versatile style!  These are adorable little jackets. They've got a versatile style, so I'm planning on wearing with various studs, including little pearls. Although I got these for myself, I think they would also make a cute gift for a young girl (tween/teen years) if she wears stud earrings a lot. I definitely recommend these. <end>
 B000P0LIUQ  Cat Sleeping Charm 14k Gold 9.5mm ||	  purrrfectttt  this is a beautiful highly polished charm. it is pretty small and dainty. not much length to it.looks great on a dainty chain. the sellar i purchased it from sent it in a little baggy not a box. my sister, whom i purchased it for and slipped it on a thin gold chain said it was beautiful. due to its size it wont look good on a heavy chain but does look pretty on a fine chain. <end>
 B000P0N9FS  Italian Horn Charm 14k White Gold 20mm ||	  Italian Horn  Product was as advertised. Quality looks good. A bit more on the silver looking side then white gold. Overall I'm satisfied with purchase. <end>
 B000P0P6OU  RN Caduceus Charm 14k Gold 18mm ||	  Delicate but beautiful  Looking at the picture of this I was expecting it to be bigger and a sturdier charm. Instead I got a very delicate and beautiful one. On a thin chain this charm looks great. This was a gift for a cowkers who just recently became a nurse. She absourtely loved it and cried when she saw it. I was hesitant on buying it but in the end I'm glad I did. <end>  RN caduceus charm  This was a gift for a special new RN. I have one and she now is enjoying hers. The service was excellent and prompt and packaged nicely. <end>
 B000P0P820  Firefighter Maltese Cross Charm 14K Gold 23mm ||	  maltese cross charm  This charm is nice. It's smaller than i thought it would be but still looks good on a thin necklace. It didn't work well with a rope chain. <end>
 B000P0PDRA  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish Men's Cufflinks set with Tiger Eye and Black Onyx ||	  A Stunning Pair!  I was impressed with how good these cufflinks looked on the website. So I bought them to give to my husband as a Valentine's present. When they arrived presented in their Peora gift box, I was even more impressed. The treat though came when I opened the box and saw how stunning these cufflinks were in real life.I expected the combination of Tiger's eye and Onyx to work well together but the checkerboard design sets off the gemstones in perfect harmony. Each cufflink is a 18mm or 11/16th of an inch across and cast in hallmarked sterling silver. They will complete my husbands outfits perfectly...if can I bring myself to part with them? <end>
 B000P0PHA8  Edward Mirell 9mm Titanium Concave Plain Wedding Band, Size 10 ||	  great ring, great price......  rec the ring sooner then i was told and it was packaged in such a way nothing short of a steam roller could have damaged it. looked just like the picture, and my husband loved it!! <end>
 B000P0ZICU  14k White Gold Inside-Out Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (3/4 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Nice  Diamonds are small, but nice color, lots of sparkle, my wife loves them, she says they are beautiful and was very surprised when I gave them to her for our anniversary. Would buy again. <end>
 B000P0ZIS4  14k Yellow Gold Oval Pave Diamond Hoop Earrings (1/2 cttw, I-J Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  Earrings for my Sweetie  The earrings arrived quickly, and were beautiful, we had shoppedlocal jewelry stores, only to find comparable earrings costing muchmore. My girlfriend loves them, I'm happy, because she is very picky.Thank you, Craig <end>  No sparkle at all  The earings themselves look nice but if you are buying them because of the diamonds then don't waste your time. You will be sending them back like I did.The diamonds have absolutely no sparkle, even in the direct sun. The only reason why I buy things with diamonds is because they sparkle, these don't, they look like someone forget to put in the batteries. <end>
 B000P0ZKNW  10k White Gold Channel-Set Diamond Hoop Earrings (1/2 cttw, J-K Color, I2-I3 Clarity) ||	  Ok for the money  The price is reasonable as compared to mall stores, but it is not in the same league as even the stock items, those chain's carry. Because of the small size of the stones one can not see all of the dirt each one has. However the color was ok and the stones fairly matched. None were milky. The gold setting has a sizable amount of cut outs so it is not a solid setting. Again as with the stones, most people will not notice it on first blush. So although cheaper than the mall stores, it is less of a product. But overall, the things done to make it less of a product, probably will not be noticed. <end>
 B000P2299I  MLB New York Yankees Classic Baseball Bracelet ||	  husband loved it  my husband is a huge Yankees fan and loved it! Stiching looked fantastic! Ordered it for Christmas for an attempt to appease the fickle side of him. =) <end>  Great for a Yankees fan  Great quality & my 11 year old son thought it was awesome! He liked that it looked like a really baseball too! <end>  Great Product  This bracelet is very cool for any New York Yankees baseball fan. Very well made for a great price. Would recommend this product. <end>  Good gift for a baseball fan  I bought this for my younger brother, who is a HUGE Yankees fan. He loved it, the quality is good and it looks great on too. If you have an MLB Yankee fan as a friend or family member, they will love this bracelet. <end>  WOW!  this bad boy is AWESOME... it looks soooooo much better in "person"... excellent quality leather bracelet, vibrant colors.... 10 stars... <end>  WTF!  I got the wrong bracelet. I wanted the New york yankees one and they gave me a texas rangers one. this was supposed to be for my dad now its ruined. <end>
 B000P271BE  14K White Gold Oval Genuine White Topaz Celtic Trinity Ring ||	  cloudy stone  Although the ring is a beautiful design the topaz is very cloudy... I do not want to return the ring as it is the one my husband chose however I secretly wish I could replace the stone with one that does not look so dull.... the picture shows a much prettier clearer sparkling stone. <end>
 B000P38V0I  Sterling Silver Crawling Lizard Toe Ring ||	  Great item!  Very cute, great detail, and very good, solid quality silver. Very happy with the purchase! <end>
 B000P3F9TO  2.25 carats total weight Round Shape Peridot Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  gorgeous  This is a beautiful pendant. It has a vivid color and glitters and it's so worth the price. <end>  Hi  This is a beautiful pendant. I really like the shape and the peridot. I bought the gemstone earrings and there is a peridot set in them. I cant wait to get them in the mail. <end>
 B000P3HD7K  1.25 carats total weight Princess Cut & Round Shape Amethyst Multi-Gemstone Necklace in Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish ||	  Lovely necklace  This was a good buy and is a lovely necklace. It is just the right length for most scoop neck shirts or tops. it is also fairly light and comfortable, but still looks substantial as far as how the jewels appear. Very happy with it. <end>
 B000P3XNPG  Men's Titanium 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band ||	  Don't bother.  Don't bother. Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves. <end>
 B000P3ZT2Q  Men's 9mm Comfort Fit Tungsten Carbide Plain Wedding Band ||	  Too Expensive  Tungsten is an industrial grade metal, and asking $250 for no more than 20 grams is absolutely ridiculous. WAY WAY WAY OVER PRICED. <end>  Overpriced  I have to agree with the first review, this ring is simply overpriced. I've owned several tungsten rings now, and have never payed more than $50 for one, and some much less than that. And I'm talking about rings that are far fancier than this one. Here's a roughly equivalent tungsten ring for $30 High Polish Beveled Edge Tungsten Carbide Ring sizes 9 to 12And that ring features only minimal styling. You could just as easily move up to this absolutely gorgeous ring which features a similar concave design but also gorgeous laser cut-styling, for a grand total of $49 8MM Concave Black Laser Etched Tungsten Carbide Ring Wedding Band Sizes 8 to 13In fact, a quick search for tungsten rings on Amazon will quickly show that these prices are not unusual, but are in fact par for the course. Tungsten is a perfect ring-making material that I highly recommend. I have two that I've worn for over a year now that are still scratch-free, despite the abuse I put them through, wearing on the job, etc. So unless you're absolutely dying for this exact styling you have a lot of options.On another note, I own a concave ring similar to this one and must say that they look and feel great. Even though tungsten doesn't scratch, the concave design makes the possibility of scratching even more remote. I own the second ring I linked here, and I am quite confident that the center design will remain beautiful for decades to come due to the protective concave shape. <end>
 B000P3ZT4O  Men's 9mm Comfort Fit Tungsten Carbide Plain Wedding Band ||	  Too Expensive  Tungsten is an industrial grade metal, and asking $250 for no more than 20 grams is absolutely ridiculous. WAY WAY WAY OVER PRICED. <end>  Overpriced  I have to agree with the first review, this ring is simply overpriced. I've owned several tungsten rings now, and have never payed more than $50 for one, and some much less than that. And I'm talking about rings that are far fancier than this one. Here's a roughly equivalent tungsten ring for $30 High Polish Beveled Edge Tungsten Carbide Ring sizes 9 to 12And that ring features only minimal styling. You could just as easily move up to this absolutely gorgeous ring which features a similar concave design but also gorgeous laser cut-styling, for a grand total of $49 8MM Concave Black Laser Etched Tungsten Carbide Ring Wedding Band Sizes 8 to 13In fact, a quick search for tungsten rings on Amazon will quickly show that these prices are not unusual, but are in fact par for the course. Tungsten is a perfect ring-making material that I highly recommend. I have two that I've worn for over a year now that are still scratch-free, despite the abuse I put them through, wearing on the job, etc. So unless you're absolutely dying for this exact styling you have a lot of options.On another note, I own a concave ring similar to this one and must say that they look and feel great. Even though tungsten doesn't scratch, the concave design makes the possibility of scratching even more remote. I own the second ring I linked here, and I am quite confident that the center design will remain beautiful for decades to come due to the protective concave shape. <end>
 B000P41UEQ  Men's 14k Two-Tone Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 10.5 ||	  Great Looking Ring  I looked at all the local big name jewelery stores to price check this ring. This is the same ring that the stores are carrying and who wouldn't want to save $200. The ring is beautiful, I look forward to wearing it for many years. It was my first experience with purchasing jewelery on Amazon and it was a great experience. <end>
 B000P41UG4  Men's 14k Two-Tone Hammered Engraved Plain Wedding Band, Size 12 ||	  Great Looking Ring  I looked at all the local big name jewelery stores to price check this ring. This is the same ring that the stores are carrying and who wouldn't want to save $200. The ring is beautiful, I look forward to wearing it for many years. It was my first experience with purchasing jewelery on Amazon and it was a great experience. <end>
 B000P43YNQ  Men's 9mm Comfort Fit Tungsten Carbide Plain Wedding Band ||	  Too Expensive  Tungsten is an industrial grade metal, and asking $250 for no more than 20 grams is absolutely ridiculous. WAY WAY WAY OVER PRICED. <end>  Overpriced  I have to agree with the first review, this ring is simply overpriced. I've owned several tungsten rings now, and have never payed more than $50 for one, and some much less than that. And I'm talking about rings that are far fancier than this one. Here's a roughly equivalent tungsten ring for $30 High Polish Beveled Edge Tungsten Carbide Ring sizes 9 to 12And that ring features only minimal styling. You could just as easily move up to this absolutely gorgeous ring which features a similar concave design but also gorgeous laser cut-styling, for a grand total of $49 8MM Concave Black Laser Etched Tungsten Carbide Ring Wedding Band Sizes 8 to 13In fact, a quick search for tungsten rings on Amazon will quickly show that these prices are not unusual, but are in fact par for the course. Tungsten is a perfect ring-making material that I highly recommend. I have two that I've worn for over a year now that are still scratch-free, despite the abuse I put them through, wearing on the job, etc. So unless you're absolutely dying for this exact styling you have a lot of options.On another note, I own a concave ring similar to this one and must say that they look and feel great. Even though tungsten doesn't scratch, the concave design makes the possibility of scratching even more remote. I own the second ring I linked here, and I am quite confident that the center design will remain beautiful for decades to come due to the protective concave shape. <end>
 B000P47612  Dream Believe Achieve Bracelet ||	  Beautiful!!  So much better than it looks in photo. Came in a beautiful gift box didn't even have to wrap it. Gave it to my teacher and not sure if it helped but I got an &#34;A&#34; <end>  Girls loved it  Bought 8 of these bracelets for my employees. they loved them. Good quality. looks like Brighten jewelery.Received on time. Would recommend this product. <end>  Omg!!  I loved this so much!!! I got it for my best friend for her birthday and loved it and wears it!! <end>  Good  I got this for my daugther-in-law and she really liked it. She wears it everyday. Not bad for the price. <end>  Nice graduation gift for a reasonable price  Since I have so many graduation gifts to buy, I was so pleased to find this bracelet. It has a message in just 3 words. It was inexpensive and filled the bill for all the girls on my graduation list. <end>  graduation gift  I bought this bracelet as graduation gifts and I was pleased with the product! I hope the girls liked the gift as much as I did. <end>  Beautiful  My co-worker and I bought this for my boss for boss's day. She was touched and wears it frequently. Very pretty, elegant, nice box with poem. <end>  Beautiful  My daughter ordered these as gifts for some of her girlfriends. The price was exceptional and her friends really loved them. <end>  Perfect!  The message is very positive and it looks very pretty. I bought it for my aunt as a present and the color is very nice. <end>  Dream, Believe, Achieve bracelet  I purchased this bracelet as a gift for my Granddaughter and was thrilled to see the quality of it, when it arrived! It was not an expensive item but the workmanship and quality definitely belays the price. I think she will be very happy on Christmas morning! <end>  Nicer than I expected  At this price, I was honestly concerned that the quality of the bracelet would be very low. However, I'm happy to report that I was pleasantly surprised. The bracelet comes exactly as pictured, adorable gift box and all, and is of a good quality. I was able to give it as a gift without any hesitation. <end>  graduation bracelet  This bracelet is great! I puchased it for a graduation gift for a friend and it was perfect. Exactly as stated, nicely boxed, and a sweet poem included as well. Really good value, came very quickly. I would purchase again, and have already recommended it! <end>  My wife loved this!  I was a little nervous about purchasing this as it was not expensive. My wife loved this bracelet as much as if it had diamonds. Looks great and very romantic. <end>  Good gift  It was everything that I thought it was, and my girlfriend really seemed to like it <end>  Nice!  Very pretty motivational bracelet at a great price. Bought as gifts for my direct sales team and they all loved them. Bracelet comes in a very attractive box so no wrapping required. I did remove them from their plastic wrap so that they looked nicer laying in the box before I gave them. <end>  special niece LOVES this  I gave this bracelet to my niece for Christmas. She's a competitive swimmer and loved alll the words on it. <end>
 B000P4763A  Memorial Bracelet ||	  Memory Bracelete  Product was very nice. The poem that is with the bracelet was very moving. A good gift instead of flowers. <end>
 B000P497QE  Love You - Son ||	  Pretty necklace  The package was really nice to give it as a gift and impressed me since I didn't expect it. The necklace looked much nicer than the picture very good quality. <end>
 B000P4DF0I  Baby's First Cross Necklace ||	  Not what is in the picture!!!!!!!!!  The cross necklace they sent me looks NOTHING like the picture. It is a totally different necklace. Don't purchase this--you can find something better. <end>  Horrible quality  This necklace lasted all of 3 days before changing colors and the clasp breaking. I am very unhappy. I do not recommend this necklace for anyone at any time. <end>  baby's first cross necklace  Cross necklace was very delicate and detailed, just right for a baby baptismal gift and the right size chain for a baby. <end>
 B000P4PXZ8  14k White Gold Round and Baguette Diamond Ring (3/8 cttw, H-I Color, I2 Clarity), Size 6 ||	  Way too small  Ring is way too small and looks like a toy when putting it on. I would not recommend if you want a nice 1/2 carat ring. <end>  beautiful diamond band!  i bought this ring as a wedding band and i was pleasantly surprised-- it is truly beautiful. it's super sparkley and much less ostentatious than it might appear. it looks perfect with my engagement ring! the only problem is that i have to wait 5 months before i can wear it.... <end>
 B000P4RQ1W  14k Yellow Gold Round Champagne Diamond Stud Earrings (3/8 cttw) ||	  Fabulous studs  I was a bit leary because other champagne purchases from other online vendors turned out to be heavily included and not a champagne color. These really surprised me and are beautiful and clean. <end>  Not for me  I was so excited when I ordered these earrings (especially since I got them on a 30% off gold box special). But I sent them back promptly after they arrived. Oddly enough, the color was too light-- it made them look like a dirty white diamond, instead of a sparkly champagne color. <end>  Very Pretty, but . . .  These earrings are very pretty, but very tiny. The stones had great color, and the earrings looked well made, but I returned them because of their size. <end>
 B000P4S12A  14k White Gold "Mom" Diamond and Citrine Pendant ||	  Very nice  Very beautiful necklace and pendant. 4 stars only cause its a little bit smaller as it looks on the picture, but I must tell, I absolultely LOVE IT! I'm a 11 weeks pregnant mom so i must say every mother should have something like this. <end>
 B000P51NZ6  14k Gold Precious and Diamond Floral Dangle Leverback Earrings ||	  Nice small dangling earrings  Earrings are not too long. Perfect for women with small faces. The clasp does not close properly, but, it seems to be a common problem for earrings with this type of clasp.Update  Clasp broken. Leverback is too flimsy to even last a year. <end>  Little sparkling gems!  I just received these earrings, amazingly quickly from Amazon (thank you!) and I really love them. They are tinier than I expected, but they still look beautiful as I prefer small earrings. The sapphires are deep blue, almost black, but they shine in the light, due to their beautiful facets. The diamond in the middle is tiny but it lightens the flower. I'll try to buy the other same earrings with ruby, and emerald. <end>  nice earrings  I was pleased with these delicate looking earrings. The coloris fine. Earrings are somewhat small, but not too small. <end>  Almost perfect  I bought these earrings to wear on my wedding day as my wedding ring is an emerald ring. I was slightly disappointed as the emeralds are very light, not the deep green that you can see in the picture. I nearly tried to send them back and ask for deeper green to be sent out, but there wasn't time before my wedding day. I chose to keep them as they are lovely and delicate, a bit smaller than you would imagine, very pretty, but if you are expecting a deep emerald green you might be disappointed.They seemed quite expensive for what they were when they arrived.I have no regrets about buying, they arrived very quickly and in good condition, and I did wear them on my wedding day, but I was not 100% happy with the product and wish the emeralds were deeper. <end>  Very nice, but a bit on the small side  I got these for my wife, and she likes them very much. She wears them often and they look great on her.But they are a bit smaller than I thought they would be. The ones I got had stones that were a bit darker than in the photo.But my wife likes them so who am I to argue. and the price was not so bad either. and they got to me fast. <end>  WOW!  Just got mine this morning...and the photo on Amazon sucks ;-) The earrings I received were MUCH prettier than shown. The green is a brilliant, gorgeous green and they are perfectly matched in color, size and clarity... <end>  Emeral earing  Was very pleased with the appearance of the earrings. Workmanship is very well done, and the service was exceptionaly fast. I liked the fact that they required a signature for delivery. <end>  Good value, great gift  As usual with Amazon, good shipping and tracking, (UPS is excellent)Earrings are very nice, good looking stones and nice layout. My lady will be thrilled. <end>  Great  I ordered these for my daughter when they were part of the specially priced deals in the run up to Christmas. She's not a fan of &#34;big&#34; jewelry so I wasn't expecting much judging from the price. I was really impressed with them and my daughter loved them. Really great value for money. A good design and look great <end>  weren't long enough to see very much of the gemstones.  I would have liked to see the lengths longer so you could see the earning better. My hair if only slightly lower than my ear lobe, but the earnings weren't long enough to see very much of the gemstones. <end>  I returned these  In the picture these look like emeralds. In person the stones were lighter green and looked like peridots.I returned these earrings. They would be pretty if they came as pictured. <end>  LOVE THEM!!  These earrings are truly beautiful. They can be worn everyday as well as for that special event. Very pleased <end>  me  I was very disapointed when I recieved the earrings, they were very light in color and I returned them. Aside from the color the style was what I expected, but could not be guarrented of the color, it was different from the pictures. <end>  Great gift  I purchased these for my girlfriend as a Christmas present and she loves them. They look great and are well worth the money spent. <end>  Purchased the matching set  I Didn't Purchased the necklace when I Purchased the earrings. When I gave my wife the earrings she said "I love them, and the rubies match so well, Does it come with matching necklace?" I just Purchased the matching necklace today. Good value for the money! <end>  Nice!!!  Very nice earrings. Dangle well. I was excited that these earrings match an omega pair of sapphires I have; so I can wear my omegas in my upper holes and these in my lower. Would buy another pair in a different color stone. <end>  Emeral 14k gold earings  I am very disappointed. The stones are pale green and do not look like emeralds; and certainly not like the stones in the photo on Amazon.com. They look like cut glass to me. Also they are flimsy. Very light and thin gold. Maybe that is all you get for over $100 but I am just so disappointed,and will return them. <end>  Sapphire floral earrings  This was another Christmas gift for my wife, she loves sapphire jewelry, so these fit right in, she loves them. <end>  beautiful!  These earrings are absolutely beautiful. They look like they should cost more than they did. They are very light when worn (which is good for the earlobe) but looks very substantial. I am very pleased with them. <end>  Good for a little girl  Very pretty setting. The setting is a little on the smaller side, but still nicely made. Genuine stones, very light setting, easy to get on and off but still secure once on and good 14K gold that wouldn't hurt ears as cheap earrings do would make this a perfect gift for a young girl who would be very impressed to hear they are real rubies.I got the earrings 25% off on a daily gold box deal and even though they are genuine stones and gold, I would feel that the original price of $99 is a little too much as it is such a light setting that if given for a gift to some adults, people may not realize the quality materials and think the earrings are worth less. At the discount price it is OK.Update  I have actually found these earrings to be even more useful than I first realised and have actually ordered the emerald equivalent as well. I find them excellent for everyday. If you can get them on sale you have done well. I still stand by my prior comment though that if given to an adult they are so light they may think you have paid less for them than you have if you buy them at the full price. <end>  sapphire drop earrings  Nice little earrings, but much more delicate than they look. Be very careful about removing and putting them in your lobes. Both lever-backs of mine are shaky after only two wears and I've had to have them strengthened at a jewellers. <end>  LIGHT GREEN  I got this from amazon and returned them, the emerald color was a very soft shade of green, more like jade not emerald green. I bought this and the matching pendant, the pendant on the other hand was beautiful, the emeralds are very rich and dark and looks much more expensive. If it hadn't been for the color of the stones, I would hace kept the earrings. (Just in case, I just ordered this earring again, hopefully I will get ones that match the pendant) <end>  Nice  My wife really likes these. She has a lot of experience with jewelry and gem stones, but had no emeralds. She received these for Valentine's day, and when I told her Amazon's price, she was very pleased, especially since these are gold, not silver. They are very distinctive. She had no green to wear with them, and a trip to the store solved that problem. She does like to shop! <end>  emeralds look like cheap jade  Aside for the fact that these earrings were TINY, the quality of the emeralds was appaling. The 4 C!S of gemology are cut, clarity, concentration and carat. The emeralds were a weak solid gray, in fact they looked like poor quality jade. Shame on the manufacturer, and shame on Amazon for missrepresenting these earrings. <end>  Ruby earnings  just what I wanted. Although I would have liked them to be a tad bit darker in color. I love the size and the leverbacks on them, so I can leave them on as long as I want and not worry about them falling. <end>  Very small compared to the picture on the web  This is a very small earring and you will be astonished while you see it. It is too tiny compared with the picture shown in the amazon site. I purchased this as a gift to my daughter, but none of my family members were happy with this. <end>  Nice & girly earring  I bought them for my sister but she has a square face that doesn't fit these earring at all. And they also look quite girly for a woman with kids.The stones are in light green, not as dark as on photo. However they are cute and worth for the price. The lever-backs are quite delicate but if we remove them gently, they are still fine. <end>  Great Deal!  These are beautiful earrings, well worth the price. Very pretty, I gave them to my mom for Mother's Day and she loved them. Its hard to find leverback earrings so I was thrilled to find these! Definitely a good quality piece of jewelry! <end>
 B000P5262A  18k Yellow Gold Overlay Sterling Silver Sapphire and Diamond Accent Hoop Earrings ||	  Fabulous Earrings  I absolutely adore these hoops. So comfortable, quite a few compliments from my co-workers, friends and family when I wear them, especially with my hair up. One of the best purchases I've made this year with Amazon. Thank you Amazon for the quality of your products. <end>  Nice  Great product, just a bit small. Lovely gemstones and good price though. Got this for my mom as a gift <end>  18k yellow over lay sterling sapphire & diamond hoop earrings  I bought these for my grandaughter who loves sapphires. They are small but perfect for a young person. <end>
 B000P57PL2  Sterling Silver Open Filigree Heart Pendant, 18" ||	  Good for the price  It is very pretty and the charm is hefty. My only observation is that, in my opinion, the chain is too thin/delicate for the charm. I changed it to a more substantial chain that pairs better with the heart. <end>  wow!!! loved it!!  This necklace was way more than i expected!!!bought this for my 17 year old daughter and one for myself. perfect for anyone, the pendant is not to big nor too small .one of the great things is you can adjust the lengh to what your wearing.awesome chain.all around great purchase and awesome price!!! <end>  Love it!  I love this pendant. Like another reviewer mentioned it is feminine without being too frilly. Looks good paired with a t-shirt & jeans or dressy things too. I wear a lot of jewelry made by James Avery. If you like James Avery, you will love this piece. In fact, I have received several compliments on it and that they always think that is where I got it from. The chain is a little on the small size, but it still looks fine on it. The chain is always an easy thing to swap out if it is an issue. This item is well worth the price even without the chain! <end>  Great Necklace!  Really happy with this necklace. Makes a great gift! I have ordered it several times to give as sweet 16 presents. <end>  Very Nice!  I bought this necklace as a gift for my fifteen year-old daughter (who would rather wear blue jeans than dresses), and she loves it. Feminine but not too frilly, the pendant is sized perfectly for the delicate chain and it has a nice, solid weight to it. Also, my daughter really likes that the chain has an adjustable extender so that she can personalize the fit. <end>  Beautiful!  The necklace arrived in a timely fashion and was much prettier than the photo depicted! It even came with a tiny storage bag. I am very pleased!! <end>
 B000P57PNA  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Fleur-de-Lis Dangle Earrings ||	  My wife wears these all the time  My wife is not a very frilly lady, so these simple beautiful earrings suit her perfectly. She loves them. <end>  Sterling Silver Celtic Dangle Earrings  I bought three sets of these earrings for Christmas exchange gifts for our Bunco group, we are limited to $20.00. So I thought these looked like nice gifts, something I might wear myself. Both my daughter and myself thought they looked very cheap and not something I would feel comfortable giving as $20.00 gifts. Maybe $9.99 ? <end>  SPECIAL VALUE  WORTH THE MONEY. HOOKS ARE STURDY NOT FLIMSY AS SOME. COMES IN A NICE VELVET BAG. <end>  Fleur de lis earrings  These earrings are a lot smaller than I thought they would be for $20. It is hard to see the design. <end>  Celtic Fleur de Lis Earrings  These earrings are very small, it is hard to see the beautiful design. That was very disappointing to me. <end>  Not what I expected  I thought the item was gona be a lot bigger than it was. I returned them because they were these little itty bitty earrings, which I would totally not wear. <end>  Smaller than expected.  These earrings are very cute, but are smaller than I expected. I still wear them occassionally. <end>  Flimsy and over priced  I bought these for a gift and was disappointed. They're flimsy and kind of cheap feeling. More like a 5.99 pair of earrings. <end>  Lovely earrings  These are small and very well made. They have a nice shine and they were exactly what I was hoping for. <end>  Nice earrings but small.....  OK, I guess my first mistake was not checking my metrics. I'll admit to that. So the earrings are a bit smaller than I thought they would be. And not as shiny as I would have liked. However, they are sturdy, to be sure, and comfortable to wear. I like them. Could easily be worn casual or with business dress. I just wish they were a tad bigger. <end>  Beautiful!  These are beautiful and an amazing value. They came nicely presented in a box and navy blue velvet bag. They are sturdy and comfortable...I have not taken them off and have received many compliments. <end>  Don't waste your money on garbage  Overpriced junk. Not as pictured. If I could give it no stars, I would. And I will never buy jewelry on Amazon again. <end>
 B000P5BVB2  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty from the front  These look so beautiful in the picture, but they are not that good! They don't dangle freely, so I don't like that. The back is flat, so I don't like that much either. I think the price is too high for these. <end>  Beautiful, lightweight celtic earrings  At just over 1 inch long and just over an inch wide, these earrings are the perfect size for those with short hair or updos. These do not dangle freely, which is a plus for women with long hair - since there is no way for the hair and the earring to entangle. I love these earrings. They are comfortable and surprisingly lightweight. I adore all things celtic and get many compliments on these earrings.If you are looking for sublte yet stunning earrings, these are the pair for you! <end>  Probably break easily  As the previous reviewer said, these don't dangle freely, that is, they are actually attached to the back and don't move. This probably means that they will break easily. I bought these on sale (60% off), so they're probably worth about that much, as they are pretty, like the picture, and have a nice feel to them. I would still wear them, but I would be a lot more cautious than normal. For $25, you can buy nicer stuff at the store. <end>  Could be nicer for the price  I like these earrings BUT.....for the price, should have included the little plastic guards to prevent them from pulling out of your ears. Plus not as well made as I would have expected. Still..they are silver and the design is nice. <end>  Beautiful!  These earrings are beautiful! I am not sure what I will do with them yet. Keep them or give them away! <end>  Nice earrings  These are very nice earrings. The quality is very high. From the picture it looks as though they might dangle, but the wire is firmly attached to the design so that they don't move around much. <end>  Celtic earrings  These earrings are wonderful - just the right size and a wonderful addition for anyone who loves all things celtic! <end>
 B000P5BVGW  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Oval Link Bracelet, 8" ||	  bracelet  I bought it for my wife as she loves celtic silver. This bracelet is delicate and elegant.It will look nice in combinations with other bracelet.The bracelet was well packed and looks exacty the same as shown on the picture. <end>  Beautiful bracelet  I have several pieces of Celtic jewelry and this fits right in with them all. The silver is a bit darker, but shows off the Celtic design more effectively than brighter silver. I find myself wearing it often, as it goes well with any kind of outfit from dressy to casual. It is well-made and sturdy while maintaining a more delicate look. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. <end>  S.S. Celtic Design Bracelet  Starting Christmas shopping, I immediately spotted this bracelet. One of my sisters loves Celtic jewelry and knew this would be the perfect gift for her. Shopping on-line is so easy and affordable. I'm still shopping Amazon! <end>  Gorgeous Piece of Jewelry  I bought this as a gift for my friend and she absolutely loved it. it is beautiful in every way. Highly recommended. <end>  Attractive little bracelet  I paid about $35 for this and feel it was a decent deal. It's of reasonable thickness; the picture displayed does it justice. <end>  celtic bracelet.  this very nice bracelet has become my "go with everything" bracelet.it fits loosely on the wrist so it's very easy to hook and unhook without asking for help! yep, i like it.  ) <end>  Not Sterling Silver  I bought this as a present for my fiance. As soon as this item gets wet, it makes your arm black. I was concerned and took it to a jeweler who indicated that it is not sterling silver and the black was antiquing being washed off. This is nothing more than extremely overpriced constume jewelry. I have always shopped at Amazon because I believed it to be a buisiness founded on integrity. I will never buy jewelry from Amazon.com again. <end>  celtic link bracelet  I'm very happy with this bracelet. My husband gave it to me for our 25th wedding anniversary, and we searched everywhere for the perfect celtic link bracelet to match his silver celtic ring before buying this one. The only thing that slightly disappointed me when it first arrived was the weight and size of the links. For the price, I hoped that the bracelet would be a bit heavier and the links a bit larger. Now that I've had it a while, though, I find I'm very pleased with it. It lays comfortably on my wrist which is great, because I never take it off! <end>  The clasp arrived broken... bad Quality  The clasp arrived broken. No quality control.I wish I had bought something else for my daughter on Christmas morning.I need to return it.... <end>  Nice ... Quality and Design  This little bracelet was a HUGE hit this Christmas. You can see the pic, so talking about its design seems redundant. The quality of the links between the sections as well as the chain and clasp assembly seem pretty sturdy (but in no way bulky). She has worn this several times during tennis matches, and so far so good. <end>  Looks good, poor quality  The bracelet looks good, just like the picture. The clasp broke the first time I removed it. I didn't want to bother returning it so I just replaced the clasp with one I bought at a craft shop. <end>  Better than the photo  I was nicely surprised to see how polished the visible side of the chain was. It looks much nicer in person than the photo, though the packaging (blue felt bag in a small white box) left a little more to be desired. My mother-in-law loved it as a gift. <end>  Nice gift  I didn't actually see the every myself since I had it shipped to my sister, but she LOVED it. Thanks! <end>  an all occasion piece .  so pretty , wear it all the time this particular celtic design is very understated, very lovely . Easy to wear alone <end>
 B000P5JB4G  Amazon.com  New Rocky Balboa Golden Boxing Glove Pendant Necklace  Clothing ||	  Waste of money!  So so so!!! very disappointing. I threw it away. The glove looked like someone had smashed it. No wait, it look like something a 3rd grader made at school. Totally waste of my money. I would have been embarrassed to give this to my fiance as a get. Who is a big time Rocky Fan. He would have looked at me, like I knew nothing at all. Do not get this for anyone. <end>  rocky glove necklace  the chain is poor quality and the pendant is not the same as in the movie. the pendant fell off the chain multiple times. Unsatisfied!!! <end>  Just like the Brockton Blockbuster  I look for this glove pendant for almost 17 years and I almost bought it in 2 occasions. I'm very happy to bought it on amazon and the item is very beautiful and the people in my family liked it. I belive my friends also liked it and I'm proud too to carry an item that remembers me of the unforgetable Brockton Blockbuster (Rocky Marciano)and also the Italian Stallion (Rocky Balboa). You see , I'm a great boxing lover and I recommend this item to other people who appreciate the sport too. <end>  Rocky Glove Necklace  The pendant was flatter and slightly bigger than I imagined. I wanted it to look more like a "real" boxing glove. But it was a great gift. It was a hit. Thank you. Great seller. <end>  Rocky  Was larger than expected, however, being a fan of Rocky i feel it is worth the money <end>  Don't Buy This  This was a cheap piece of junk. The kind of thing you find in toy machine dispensers at supermarkets. The chain was to small and flimsey and this was not an exact replica. As a big ROCKY fan i was really looking forward to this,my disapointment was big enough to give this review to help people save a waste of 20 bucks. Don't Buy This ...trust me. <end>  DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM PLEASE !!  hey guyz,please do not buy this item its just a waste a money as the pendant and the chain after you wear it for 2 days will completly turn black i am very disappointed with the seller and i do not recommend this product to any one people who are looking forward to buy this will just waste their hard earned money !! <end>  Its cool!  I really like this item. i reccomend it to anyone who is a rocky balboa as well as a boxing fan. <end>  SUCH AN AWESOME NECKLACE!!  AS SOON AS I PUT THIS NECKLACE AROUND MY NECK I LOVED IT...THE SERVICE WAS FAST AND IN GREAT CONDITION, A MUST HAVE FOR THE ROCKY FAN...ITS SLIGHTLY TARNISHES BUT IS STILL VERY AWESOME!! <end>  flat  It&#8217;s not good at all, it flat which makes it look ridicules, and its printed on it title for no reason, I won&#8217;t ever recommend it <end>  rocky glove pendant  this was the worst thing i have ever bought and unfortunately it was bought as a gift, one that i was completely embarrassed to see once it was opened, it was not at all like the picture makes it look. <end>  dissapointed  very bulky and cheep. smaller would have been better. it was slow coming 2 weeks is too long. it does not look like the picture <end>
 B000P64VEA  Men's Titanium 7mm Black and Gray Plain Wedding Band ||	  Don't bother.  Don't bother. Gets dirty really easily and gets all sorts of gunk in the two grooves. <end>
 B000P676A6  Sigil Of Baphomet Pewter Necklace Pentagram Pendant ||	  It's good.  I like it. Construction is sturdier than you probably expect, pendant itself is fairly large and has a lot of presence. It's a little hard to easily see that it's also an inverted pentagram, since Baphomet covers nearly all of the bottom point, but it is indeed there, and it's a fine Baphomet design. I recommend it. <end>  Exactly what I was looking for...  This is exactly what I was looking for. My only problem was that on the back of it, the paint looked like it was chipped and it didn't look brand new. Still, as I walk the left hand path, this is a very good pendant and I would buy it again. <end>  very nice necklace  excellent seller and nice necklace i'm very glad with it i fond to baphomet thank you very much <end>  Awesome Necklace!  A Very Beautiful Necklace Even Better than I Expected! Excellent Quality/Price. I wore it at work Today and People were Fascinated by it! <end>  more than i expected  i was looking for a pendant that would show that im a true follower of the left-hand path, this proved to be the perfect one. its bigger and hevier than i thought it would be, it also has great detail on the goat head. iv seen a lot of baphomet jewelry but this one actually impresed me. <end>  Awesome  This is a great pendant. I received it in the mail and was surprised to see it is larger than what I expected. The design is great, although the skulls around the circle seem to be a bit cheesy, it is one of the best baphomet pendants I have seen. The chain seems a bit flimsy, but it has not yet broken, and that is what counts. It has a nice weight to it and, I assume, would not be easy to lose. Over all, it is a great pendant and I suggest this one over any other I can find on amazon. <end>  Great medallion  I bought this as I was in need of a new Baphomet medallion. This is a well crafted piece of jewelry. The actual medallion is a bit on the heavy side. The chain that came with it actually looks good and is not undersized. Be warned though, the clasp sucks. Mine broke after wearing the necklace twice. The only fix was to completely remove the clasp ends and put the ends of the chain together by opening them up. This ended up looking better anyways. <end>  Awesome evil necklace!  As I play guitar in a Death Metal band, these types of accessories are required. This one however, kicks it up a notch in the evil department. At our last gig, I unveiled this for the first time. It allowed us to play our title song "Unholy Blasphemous Church Ripper" at least twice as evil as before! Before you knew it, the unholy one himself appeared and caused a catastrophic disaster, enveloping the entire crowd. Highly recommended! <end>  Excellent quality.  A lot of the problems I've had buying jewelry online is that you never know how sturdy the item is, or how big. This product is by far the best pentacle necklace I've purchased online (and I've bought a few). It is fairly large, with a good heavy chain, and the actual pendant is made of thick pewter and well detailed. This is a good quality product. <end>  Satisfied  It's a little bigger than I expected, but that's my fault, not the pendants. It's MUCH more shiny and chrome than the picture suggests, which disappointed me a little; I'm not big on flashy, reflective things. You'll definitely want to just throw the chain away and get a black cord, or a different chain, as the one that comes with it is garbage. It breaks, the chrome coating wears off, revealing a dull coppery colour, and the clasp breaks within days. However, the pendant itself is very nice, if not a bit flashy. <end>  Very nice  Pretty piece of jewelery, despite being a little weighty. It also came on time so I am satisfied with it. <end>  Excellent pendant  I love this pendant.Great quality,made well,very detailed and perfect size..I give this item 5 stars for it price it is a steal. <end>  Fantastic  Very good detailed and the size is fairly large. I expected something less realistic and detailed to be honest and got very lucky it seems <end>  Looks cool...  Unfortunately it's kept more as a decoration in my house because I don't like the black marks it leaves around my neck. I don't want to look like an unbathed demon. And what if my girlfriend decides to start biting on my neck? Then she may get led poisoning. Hopefully I haven't already. But hey, it looks awesome... <end>  Nice pendant!!  I love this pendant it looks nice and evil tho I didn't like the chain so I replaced it with a black leather cord! the pendant is bigger than I expected but its still cool and evil!! great deal! <end>  Great Quality Necklace  For those of you who follow the left hand path or simply love Satan/Baphomet this necklace is for you. It's got weight to it, the necklace itself is strong and theres also a great amount of detail put into the sigil. It's also bigger than I thought. I plan to wear this every single day. <end>
 B000P6IB1O  Bleach  Necklace - Group Six Symbol ||	  LOVE IT  i fell in love with this necklace from the first sight .. and it came as i thought .. i mean the closing style .. <end>  Surprisingly Good  This was definitely worth the money. It's a very sturdy necklace, not at all cheap. The pendant definitely has some weight to it, but it's not that bad at all. I only wish that they had squad 12 and 13 necklaces, but Byakuya is ok i guess. <end>  A Little Dissapointed  I wasn't able to find any information as to the size of the pendant when I ordered. When I got the necklace, I was dissapointed to find that it's the size of a military style dogtag. For a female of small stature, like myself, that's too big to wear everyday  it should be marked as a men's necklace. Also, when I recieved the pendant the front side was scratched (I assume from shipping, as the shipper sent it in an envelope over the retail display box!) and the reverse side has a manufacturer's mark. The chain it comes with is also very long. I will say that both the pendant and the chain were well-made and don't feel at all cheap. If the pendant had been smaller, I'd be much happier! <end>  Great Item  I absolutely love my new necklace. It came exactly as pictured, though I would say that the product looks way better when it's sitting right in front of me rather than on the computer screen. Pretty, durable, and comes in a nice metal case to sit on my dresser when not slung around my neck.A must have for any fan of the Sixth Squad! <end>
 B000P6IE9I  Sterling Silver Channel-Set Square CZ Bar Stud Earrings ||	  Beautiful!  These Earrings are just beautiful! You can't really tell from the item photo, but the stones are princess cut, which was a wonderful surprise to me, as I presumed they'd be round.Only down side was that the stems are very long, which makes activities like sleeping in them, or talking on the phone a painful experience. I'll probably see if I can't get the stems cut shorter, because that would make them perfect ;). <end>  The old saying  You get what you pay for!  Hey everyone, these earrings are not as good as I hoped they would be. They'e a unique design but the pair I received had scratches all over them and are slightly bent. I am not sure if it was due to rough handling before the seller sent them off or if all products from the manufacturer are made that way (so in saying that, quality is not fantastic). The CZ are shiny and sparkle in the "right" light. They are not worth $27+ perhaps I would have preferred to pay around $15 for the quality that I received. <end>
 B000P6VK7Q  Amazon.com  The Rose Lady 3-Pc. Pine Cone Jewelry Set, 24K GOLD  Clothing ||	  Great Birthday Gift  I had given my wife some pine cone earrings several years ago and she loved them. She lost one and was very disappointed. I couldn't find what she had before but these caught my eye. They arrived faster than I expected and they were in plenty of time for her birthday, like a normal husband I had waited to the last minute. She loves these too and they look great! Thanks for helping to make a birthday special. The copper ones look almost real but shiny! Thanks. <end>
 B000P6W3PO  Sterling Silver Guardian Angel Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  perfect!  Bought this as a gift for a young girl traveling alone and am buying another one because it is absolutely beautiful. Received it very quickly also. Thank you for making my search for the perfect gift such a great experience!! <end>  Beautiful!!!  I just received the Guardian Angel pendant & chain in the mail today. It comes in a lovely blue velvet bag. I was so suprised and overjoyed that the necklace is so beautiful for the price. I will be looking for more of Netya's items in the future. <end>  Beautiful  This necklace is much nicer than I could have hoped for and the "velvet" baggies that arrives with it adds a very nice touch. <end>  Christmas goft for my sister  I purchased this pendant & chain for my sister, for Christmas...she collects angels. I wanted to send her something special for Christmas, and this cameo was perfect! It even came with a little "sack" which had a cord to tighten the top...much like a minature version of Santa's!She loved it...great price and quality! Thank you! <end>  SS Guadian Angel Pendant with Chain  I purchased this and love the detail! For $19.95 plus free shipping it is a great bargain. This necklace looks really striking against a black background and makes the Angel appear more pronounced and radiant. I will purchase another for a friend. This is a great find! <end>  Pleasantly Surprised  I bought this necklace as a gift for an older woman. I chose it because I wanted something understated and elegant, not cutsey or girly looking. When I received it, I was pleasantly surprised by just how pretty it is in person. Don't let the price fool you. It may be inexpensive, but it doesn't look that way. <end>  Guardian Angel Pendant with 18" Chain  The Guardian Angel Pendant is gorgeous. I was surprised at the quality of the pendant and the detail. Will be purchasing another for myself. I just loved it. <end>  Beautiful Pendant!  This is a very well made pendant and it is better seeing it in person as opposed to on the page. It is shiny and expensive looking. <end>  Angel Falls Off  It's very beautiful and such a shame the piece is put together so poorly. I received this item at Christmas and the angel fell off. I liked it so much that I recently ordered another and the same thing happened, only this time I found the angel so I'll have to take it to a jeweler to fix correctly. <end>  Beautiful Angel Pendant  I bought this as a gift for a friend. She seemed to really like it! It's even prettier in person! <end>  Unhappy, returned  We had to return the product because it looked cheap and was tarnished. The silver had scratches on the back and some of the white coloring was coming off of the angel. <end>  Pitiful!  The angel is a glued on piece of plastic that looks horrible. The silver pendant itself looks poorly made with minimal detail (looks like a bad soldering job). The chain is very flimsy and the clasp is extremely small (not easy to use for anyone with adult sized hands). I will be returning this immediately, sad because it was supposed to be a birthday gift I bought because it looked nice in the picture. I now know why the picture was low quality and you couldn't zoom in! I was tricked! <end>  Nice pendant  This pendant is very attractive & was what I expected. I purchased the item as a gift and the recipient loved it. <end>  Very disappointed  beautiful when arrived, so much so, that I decided this will be my everyday necklace except for special occasions. NOT...2 days later, the angel piece in the center fell right out on the floor. Wasted money on this one. <end>  great item  this was a beautiful pendant i bought it for my mother and she loves it. this item is just like it looks in the picture, it is made with quality materials and would be a great addition to any womens woredrobe. <end>
 B000P72Q6E  18K Rose Gold over Sterling Silver Created Blue Opal 5mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  Pretty but badly plated  The stones on these earrings are really pretty but either it's badly plated or it's not real gold on the post because my skin rashed up which it always does if it's not real gold or sterling silver. I'm not surprised given the very low price so it's not a big deal. So if you are also allergic, these are not for you, but if you aren't, they're quite nice! <end>
 B000P74EZK  10k Yellow Gold Diamond Heart Pendant (1/10 cttw, H-I Color, I1-I2 Clarity) ||	  she loves it  like everyone else said the chain is weak, other then that its a great value <end>
 B000P85HG4  Amazon.com  Bleach  Ichigo&#39;s Mask Anime Necklace  Clothing ||	  Perfect Gift  I bought this necklace for a guy friend of mine. He's a very close friend so it had to be just right. I was little skeptical about the necklace when I ordered it, but when it got here I was very pleased. It was larger then I thought it would be and it was nice and heavy. It was perfect down to the last detail. When I gave the gift to my friend he was thrilled. The fit was perfect and he even loved the tin the necklace came in. Said he could use it for storing things. It was well worth the money spent and I would recommend it to anyone. <end>  Ichigo's Mask Anime Necklace  I bought this product relying on the image presented and am not disappointed. The packaging is perfect and I have nothing negative to say. Thanks! <end>  Bleach!!! Yeah!  came quickly and in perfect condition!!! so well made nice chain and great detail! I have oder lots of stuff from other places and I have to say this was sent out quick. Anima things are so hard to find and come by.I will for now on look here for all my needs. <end>  Way heavier then expected  the necklace was great and lived up to all my expectations except for its weight. I thought it would be light and rest nicely on the neck but it didn't. Instead it weighed my neck down a lot and after a hour of wearing it I wanted to take it off. Besides the weight this is a great product for any bleach fan <end>  Hollow mask necklace  Well I got this necklace in great condition. I really like the tin/metal box it came in, I'm going to keep that since I might put the necklace back in there sometime. This necklace is heavy, but not the kind of heavy where to the point you can't stand it, just you will know there is some weight on your neck. The chain is big as in the size of the metal rings, but as the length of the whole chain it isn't long, I had to extend it more which was no problem.The only thing that I don't like is how it has the company/copyright thing behind engraved on it. Now as to the mask features, it is as good as it can get, though in my opinion they should have used another shade of red, the red it has on it looks a tad bit like brown if you actually look at it. Overall it is a great product, meant to be worn and that is what it's for, also, I would recommend this for hardcore Bleach fans since I being one really enjoy having this awesome thing on my neck. <end>  Don't let the picture fool you  So I really loved the picture of this product and when I got it it wasn't the same. It was the same as the picture as the chain and the shape and things of that nature but in the picture it has more of a grunge look to it but the actual product is just shiny steel and also the red streaks aren't colored in. I may have just gotten an unlucky draw with this but it doesn't look exactly as pictured which visuals was most of the reason I bought this. Also the chain was a little short for my neck and i had to creatively extend it so it won't look like a choker on me. I thought it was just because I had a fat neck but my friend has the same experience with it being just a little longer on him. Besides that it's really a great product and I like wearing it and the packaging is pretty nice too they give you a little tin with a clear face so you can see it. Very nice display. <end>  It's much bigger and heavier than it looks in the picture  At least that's what I felt. I was hoping I could wear it casually but I can't because it's so bulky. <end>  Gift  I bought this as a gift for my daughter and she loves it. I plan to get her more.  ) <end>  My daughter loves it.  She loves everything anime. She was very excited about this. The chain is much thicker than i realized but she doesn't mind at all. <end>  Great for Bleach fans!  Glad this product is available for Bleach fans.Solid feel to the product, worth the moneyGreat for male or female <end>  Metal Bleach Necklace  I quickly received this from the seller, I was disappointed in how small the chain is. Around my little 13 year old brothers neck it nearly chokes him. Also wanted to say the chain itself is made of some weird kind of metal feels very flimsy and not very durable despite its weight.Other than that only Pro is that it looks cool.. <end>  Love it (  I loved my necklace when I got it, I love bleach too so, of course.  )The only problem is, I thought the chain would be longer, and the skull would be round instead of flat...But other than that it is still an awesome necklace  ) <end>  Awesome  I ordered this necklace for my friend and she loved it. It came in perfect packaging and on time, I definatley recommend. <end>
 B000P8L82G  Naruto Cosplay Sharingan Necklace GE7853 ||	  Naruto chain  This is a great product if your naruto fan however the the neckless broke easily but the pendant is great. <end>  yeah it's pretty cool, but...  So I got this for my daughter a couple of months ago, and not too long afterwards, the chain busted. So, be prepared if the chain breaks. The pendant is way too big and heavy for the small, frail chain. So have some extra chains around so you can fix it. <end>  Sharingan Necklace  The Sharingan anime necklace is really nice. Its great for any real Naruto fan to have and collect!!! Its Awesome! <end>  Pretty Good  The necklace was an ok purchase; it came well displayed in a nice tin box and it was a good gift. The only problem is that the pendant itself is a little thinner than I had previously expected but overall it didn't negatively impact the product as a whole. Great gift for friends that are into Naruto. <end>  i like kakashi, so i got this one.  The pendant looks nice and shiny. No need to say, the Sharingan design is cool, and it got my friends surprised. But the chain is easy to be broken - the only downside. Highly recommend. <end>  Naruto  I bought this neclace for my 9 yr old son and he loves it and for the price I love it. <end>  Love this necklace  I do love this necklace, but the clasp has broken and now my Mom has to fix it. Other kids at my school have seen it and are going to order it too.I Love Sasuke!! <end>  A hit with Naruto fans  My nine-year-old son LOVED this necklace. He had one last year but lost it and was thrilled when he got another for his birthday. Big hit! <end>  Love it!  Service was great. My daughter loves this necklace! She lost it so I am buying another one from the same seller! <end>
 B000P91FDM  Flowing Celtic Knot and Black Butterfly Sterling Silver Adjustable Necklace ||	  beautiful, but somewhat cheap  This necklace is beautiful, but the chain is cheaply made and unfortunately it is not interchangable. it is also much smaller than it appears in the picture, but I didn't check the measurements before purchase. <end>
 B000P9BA0K  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Cute Reconstituted Turquoise Fish Hook Dangle Earrings ||	  Pretty, but not exactly as pictured  These are nice, small earrings, but they don't look quite as nice as shown. The stones I got had more green in them and they lacked the black marks. As a result, I would probably think they were enamel and not real turquoise if I saw them on someone (though I have no reason to think that they are actually fake). Also, the stone is only on one side.Like I said, they're still nice earrings. The person I gave them to still loved them and I don't regret buying them. <end>
 B000P9BYA6  Nickel Free Sterling Silver Mother of Pearl and Black Onyx Inlay Fish hook Dangle Earrings ||	  beautiful earrings  I received my item quickly and the item looked as pictured, although I thought they would be a little bit bigger. I still love them! <end>  Broke on second wearing  I loved these earrings when I saw them. They were exactly what I was looking for, and didn't disappoint in person. Then, the second time I wore them, the black fell out. BIG let-down. <end>  gorgeous! & a great gift!  I ordered these ear rings for my mother inlaw for Christmas. I recieved them quickly and they were so beautiful! they were exactly what I expected, only more beautiful. I have the same taste as her so I wanted to keep them for myself! I saw her wearing them the next day and she said she loves them! They exceeded my expectations!!!!!  ) <end>  Pretty & Petite  I bought these as a gift for my mother who can only wear nickel-free jewelry, and she loves them. I was worried that they may be cheap looking, but I actually wore them when I visted her, and I really like them. They're smaller earings, but they're very pretty & stylish. <end>  Beauty and Style  I love these earrings! I wear more black & white since I received them. Lite weight and comfy. <end>  fantastic!  I am soooo pleased with these earrings! They will definitely become one of my favorites! <end>
 B000P9CZHW  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Cross Pendant with 18 inch Cable Chain ||	  Cheap price actual can get you quality...  I was very pleased with this purchase. It was a gift for my boyfriend and it arrived early, in a padded envelope. My guy loves this thing! He hasn't taken it off and so it gets wet and all, but still looks as handsome as it did when I first received it, (it hasn't tarnished or anything, and he's had it for several months). I had looked at several crosses for him and was skeptical over this one because it was so cheap, but SilverBin proved me wrong. The only thing I could say about it is that the chain on this necklace is dainty and feminine-looking, so you might want to use a different chain for a man, but other than that I had no problem with the looks or quality of this necklace. Thanks for a great product at an affordable price!UPDATE  It's been five years since I bought him this necklace and he wears it everyday, in the shower, in bed, at work... everywhere. Other than needing to be cleaned at the moment it has held up amazingly well, and I know that with some eaiser cleaning it would look brand new. <end>  beautiful  Celtic sterling silver cross was just beautiful I was very pleased with this purchase. the quality was not only affordable but looking at the necklace you would think that it was more expensive than it was. I would most difinitely purchase more jewerly from SilverBin. <end>  Silver Bin Sterling Silver Celtic Design Cross Pendant  Sterling Silver Celtic Design Cross Pendant with 18 inch Cable Chain1-Star Rating. Do not buy this product. Flimsy & cheap.Stainess steel or pewter crosses are better for the money and more durable <end>
 B000P9DSRI  Hammered Finish Cross Dog Tag Pendant ||	  Nice item  Slightly smaller than I'd imagined but well made with a good weight. Looks really good on and also just noticed - as worn by Brad Paisley!!This supplier shipped on time with no problems to uk address. <end>
 B000P9GZAA  Sterling Silver Celtic Cross Pendant with 18 inch Cable Chain ||	  lovely celtic design  This is a lovely celtic design! It's a beautiful cross pendant, and perfect for a fashion statement, or a gift for someone of Irish heritage who also wishes to display their faith. Well-made, yet delicate, and good price. <end>
 B000P9GZAU  Sterling Silver Black Onyx Claddagh Shepherds Hook Earrings ||	  Beautiful and Fast  Even though I ordered this a week before Christmas with standard shipping, it got to me before the confirmation. I wasn't disappointed. Went great with the ring I bought. <end>
 B000PA2SPK  Silver-Tone Braided Mesh Rope Chain Necklace Adjustable from 20" to 22" Long ||	  Looks good, but...  Looks good, but if you have long hair, it gets caught in the necklace, all over, not just around the clasp but in the entire body of the necklace. <end>
 B000PADLNS  Sterling Silver Red Butterfly Crystal Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements ||	  Very pretty  Like others have said, they're a little on the small side, but they are really pretty, and are perfect for someone who doesn't like to wear longer dangles. I bought them for my mom and she really enjoyed them. <end>  tiny but lovely  These earrings, although very pretty, were a little smaller than I expected. They would be perfect for a child, or for an understated look on an adult, and they weigh next to nothing, so they don't pull down your earlobes. <end>
 B000PAGO8W  SCER155 Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Drop Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements 10mm White Faux Pearl and Crystal ||	  Pure perfection  These earings turned out to be the perfect purchase. They look totally classy, and have that air of sophistication at an afordable price. So happy with these and the comments I receive when wearing them. Excellent. <end>  pretty earrings  I ordered these to wear to a wedding this past summer. They're very pretty and the crystals on the bottom of the pearls sparkle in the light. The levers are a little hard to work into your earlobe if your ears are sort of thick or fleshy. I have to work at one of them for a bit to get it in, I think they're cut short in the lever, but it's not too bad. They are pretty and look nice once in. They don't hurt your ears and are not heavy at all. Good purchase. <end>  Nice  These earings look like a real thing. My wife loves it ,she received a lot of compliments. My recomendation to anybody its a great present. <end>  Why pay $100...  when you can pay $20! Looks great and the wife loves them! Highly recommend this product to anyone looking to save some cash. <end>  These earrings are perfect for everyday!  Absolutely beautiful, light weight, really sparkle, love the lever back closure, very comfortable. I plan to buy other colors; I recommend you give them a try. <end>  Lovely Earrings!  I was surprised at how lovely these were for the price! They are a nice size, perfect for any occasion and comfortable to wear. They are also much nicer than the photo indicates; the pearls don't look &#34;faux&#34; - they have a nice sheen to them. And, I love the leverbacks. I've searched many silver earrings and for twice the price, many had shepherd's hooks or French wires. <end>  Very nice earrings  I bought these to wear on my wedding day. My necklace was real pearls and these were not, but no one could tell! They really were stunning. Worth every penny! <end>  Nice earrings  Very pretty. Bought as a gift for my gma. She loved them. Great price! $17.99 crystals are pretty. And I like the swing back <end>  Great earrings that can be worn everyday  I purchased these to actually be worn as everyday earrings and at first my family was a little skeptical. Then they saw them on with a casual sweater and jeans could not believe how well they went. Then I had them on with a pair of dress black pants and a nice top and the same reaction.I really like the leverbacks as I know the earrings won't fall out and there is no part of the earring that can sang on anything either which is great when you leave the earrings in and get undressed or have them on and then get dressed. I also like being able to take them off and then hook them together and then they are a pair so I don't loose one when I take them off.The earrings are light weight and just the right amount of Pearl and Crystal and hang at a perfect length.Yes, they are a little dressy; however, these are great everyday earrings if you can &#34;work it&#34; and just make them yours. <end>  good  very very good. i will want to be this item. i'm happy. because this item to meet. very very good too. <end>  Very Pretty  I purchased these earrings to wear to a wedding, and they really fit the bill. They were comfortable to wear and flattering. The price for these earrings is excellent and the workmanship is good. These earrings were an excellent compliment to my gown. <end>  beautiful earrings at a great price  )  These earrings are beautiful, classy, and unique. I bought these for a notoriously hard-to-shop-for friend, and she absolutely loved them  ) And the price makes them a great value for the quality you get! <end>  Dressy and Elegant!  -)  These earrings were just what I was looking for to go with a silver and pearl chain. The Crystals are not too much and add a little "bling" to the classic pearl earrings! I wear them out to dinner and to work. I love them!Although, I bought them to go with a specific chain - I continue to look for a matching necklace...hint hint  -) <end>  Gorgeous earrings! Love them!  Just received these earrings and I was very pleasantly surprised at how pretty and well made they are! Of course, they are not expensive, but that being said, if you did not know how much they cost I think it would be difficult to guess. I have small earlobes so the clasp works great for me. They are really sparkly without looking inexpensive. Love 'em!! <end>  Pretty earring for the price.  This is a nice earring for the price. It's not burnished like white gold -- a little silvery shiny - but will do nicely when dressing for a dinner occasion or lending them to your teenager. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These earrings look even better in person. I bought them to wear on my wedding day and I can't wait. They will go perfectly with my dress. <end>  Great Value  I ordered these earrings to wear for Xmas. These earrings were less then 20.00 but look expensive. I received many compliments on them and family could not believe the bargain I received. They are lightweight and do look very classy and elegant. <end>  Beautiful and stylish!  These earrings are a tribute to style and grace, beautifully made and sparkle brightly. A joy to wear. There is nothing more classy than pearls and Swarovski crystals. <end>  Perfect Gift For Mom!  After searching through countless earrings on Amazon, I came across these ones and automatically liked them. The price was very reasonable too as I bought these for my mom for Christmas. When she opened them, she was ecstatic and immediately loved them! These earrings are excellent and make a perfect gift for loved ones! <end>  Better than expected  I ordered these thinking they'd be okay, but they exceeded my expectations for the price. They're downright elegant. I will feel glad about this purchase for many wearings to come. <end>  These Earrings are Gorgeous!  I get compliments everytime I wear these earrings.I got the white pair and the pink pair.They are real attention-getters!I'm going to get the blue too!They're absolutely stunning! <end>  Perfect!!!  It is the perfect size and style for any occasion. Evening or casual wear doesn't matter. I LOVE these earrings and got the pink and blue for my aunt, who loved them as well. <end>  Lovely  These earrings are beautiful, sparkly in the light and very dressy looking. I would recommend the matching "Swarovski Pearl Sterling Silver Rondelles Accents Pendant Charm" . . . stunning together!!!! Love the look - can be worn dressy or casual. <end>  Dazzling  These earrings are beautiful. My concern was they would look cheap but they don't. They will look nice for dressing up but the certainly are not for the casual outfit. <end>  Priceless...  These pearl drop and crystal earrings were a Christmas gift for our daughter. While the pictures on Amazon are impressive, once we actually had the earrings physically in our hands, we realized that the pictures did not do them justice. Our daughter (who is 14) absolutely loves them!! She never wants to take them off. She does understand they are to be worn for special occasions, but she loves just wearing them around the house. They make her feel beautiful! For any 14-year-old that can make all the difference. <end>  Great Earrings!  I ordered these earrings to wear on my wedding day and it seems to be popular after reading all the reviews. These earrings looks exactly like what is pictured and I got a great pair of earrings at a great price! <end>  Great sparkle!  These earrings are simply gorgeous. The pearls are bright white and the crystals sparkle more than their size would suggest. These would look great with a dressy outfit or just a simple white shirt and jeans. The lever back makes them very secure. Great value for the money. They would also make a great gift. I'm going to order them in several colors. <end>  Wedding-quality earrings!  Yes, just like the reviews said  They're very pretty and sparkly. I decided to wear these at my wedding, because I already have a necklace that's very eyecatching and thought it would be too overwhelming to use chandelier earrings (my original idea) since I'm very petite. So these earrings are a perfect substitute because they're not too small. Yet they're brilliant enough to be eyecatching. <end>  pretty  These earrings are very pretty, and they arrived quickly from the seller. I plan to wear them at my wedding! <end>  earings  the earrings looked exactly like they look on line. However in my rush to go away for Christmas I did not open the package before leaving home. When I opened, I saw that only one earring had the hook on it. I could not wear it at all. I had already destroyed the package in which it was mailed and I do not know my options. SO one earring looks great but no hook on the second earring. <end>  Elegant and classy  Pure perfection. Just right for my wedding next month. They sparkled and shined and are very delicate and feminine but the perfect size to be noticed even on a large woman. I love them and would recommend them 1,000 times over! <end>  Great purchase  These earrings are exactly what I expected. They are high quality and absolutely gorgeous. I am using them for my wedding and I have already had so many comments on them. <end>  LOVE these Earrings  These earrings are just beautiful. They are well crafted and go from work to evening. <end>  Gorgeous!!!  I have a lot of earrings. I got these earrings in the mail yesterday. I have them on today. They have become my favorite earrings. They are gorgeous! <end>  Breathtaking.  The earrings are absolutely breathtaking. They appear to be much more expensive than they cost. Wife received several positive comments. <end>  Mother-of-the Bride  These are lovely earrings at a great value and sent with wonderful service quickly. I'd buy again in a heartbeat from this seller and I'll proudly wear them to my daughter's wedding!!!! <end>  Beautiful earrings!  This is a beautiful pair of earrings. They sparkle and look so elegant when wearing. I get many compliments about them. They look much more expensive than what I paid for them. They are just the right length. <end>  Stunning.  These earrings are absolutely stunning. A little bigger than expected, but a great elegant addition to my jewelry. <end>  Very nice  I thought the earrings were very nice for the price...they do not look cheap at all. In fact, I was surprised at the quality. Very happy with them. My friends love them too. <end>  Stunning!  These earrings are beautiful! It's wonderful to wearsuch classy earrings and they are perfect for all ages!Light and comfortable. You won't be disappointed. <end>  Very pretty  I bought these to give as a gift and was wonderfully pleased. You know when you want to give someone some little Christmas/Birthday/whatever gift just to say you appreciate them?--but you don't want to spend a lot of money? These were perfect. They were classy and elegant, yet fairly simple. The beauty of dainty swarovski crystal plus the elegance of pearl, all in sterling silver lever backs at a price of about $20! Magnificent! (also just the right size for probably most ladies)--not too big--not too small--but j-u-s-t r-i-g-h-t!!!The tiny crystals give a nice flash of light too! <end>  Pretty good  I bought this for my girlfriend for Xmas.In my opinion it looks real good on her. I think it would look too "chunky" on petite women but it's just right for medium and larger women.She likes it too.Shipping was ok.4/5-D <end>  Beautiful  Great earrings for this price! Prettier than the photo. I love them. I usually can only wear posts but these are light and look beautiful. Would make a great gift. I bought for myself! <end>  Great earrings!  I was so happy opening this box! Pleasantly surprised at how light weight they are and how expensive these earrings look. They are going to make a great gift. Very shiny and pretty. Would definitely recommend and buy more from this dealer. <end>  Very nice earrings  My wife had showed me these while just browsing around Amazon.com so I ordered them on the 'hint' that was given. For the price, I thought they were very nice when we received them. I'm not a jewelry expert by any means, but I felt the quality and appearance was above average given the price of these earrings. In fact, I purchased the other set she had shown me as well. She seems to be very happy with the sets. <end>  Classy!  I bought these as a gift so I don't know how long they last.However the size, price and look was all pleasant. They look elegant and classy for a pretty cheap price. They weren't bigger or smaller than I imagined they would be as often I feel happens after buying from the internet. The pieces that hold the pearl in are actually pretty sparkly. <end>  Beautiful earrings!  These are absolutely beautiful! I get comments on them every time I wear them. They look like fine jewelry. <end>  Great!  Simple elegance. I bought a pair for my coworker Birthday, and she loved them. You can't go wrong with pearls! <end>  Bride-to-be  I ordered these, along with matching bracelets for my Bridesmaids and mother. They are just spectacular!! I'm thinking of ordering another pair or a similar pair for myself to wear on my wedding day! The pearls are a hair more off-white than they appear in the photo, but for me that's a plus. <end>  Nice elegant earrings  These earrings looks like a $1000 dollar ones! I got a lot of comliments, the crystal look like diamonds. The style is very classy and can go with any age. I got the same pair for my mom. They are light and easily fixed on the ear. Very comfortable and nice accessory for a classy style or if you want to impress someone. <end>  Elegant and Classy  These earrings are soooo elegant and classy! There is a little bit of sparkle around the top and bottom of the pearl, which is just beautiful. They do not look cheap at all. They are the type of earring that can be worn casual or dressy. Also, they are comfortable to wear. I love how they add softness and femininity to your overall look! You just can't go wrong with these for the price and asthetic appeal. You'll look like a million bucks!  ) <end>  Perfectly wonderful  The pearl and crystal leverback drop earrings are perfect for any occasion. They can be dressed up for a formal event[such as a ball or a wedding] or dressed down to everyday-wear.They are absolutely beautiful, are light weight enough as to not cause undue strain, and give the impression of those pearl and diamond earrings of the Hollywood heyday of the 1940's.I received these as a gift from my sweet husband, and will treasure them always. It's not about how much they spend, girls. It's about the thought invested in the choice. ;)They hang just the right length, have a terrific feel, and a very classic look.Cheers! <end>  Lovely earrings at a great price  These earrings are very pretty and are certainly a great value for the price. They were shipped promptly and each pair arrived in its own small white box, so they are perfect for gift-giving. <end>  awesome  I gave these to my Mom for Mother's Day. They look very elegant on, just the right weight, <end>  Stunning Earrings-  These earrings are even more beautiful in person. I bought a pair as a gift and I loved them so much that I bought a pair for myself. <end>  Beautiful Pearl Earrings  I am very happy with these earrings. The service was prompt and the earrings are more beautiful than they appear in the pictures. They are well-made and can be worn with either casual or formal attire. I would recommend them to anyone.-- Robin Jenkins <end>  Ooooh  These have a wow factor. Classy and flashy.The pearl,ever class and the glitz of the swarovski crystal is an exquisite match.My one problem is I wish the pearl were a tad bit smaller, I believe that it would have added to the elegance BUT how do you add to such perfection. <end>  Beautiful!  I love them!! They are prettier than the picture. I can't wait to wear them. <end>  pearls  These are really beautiful--much prettier than the picture. I would reccomend them to a friend. <end>  Beautiful earrings-must have  I had bought 4 earrings from this seller and this was the most beautiful one. I really love it. I am going to buy one for my sister also. <end>  simple elegance with a touch of elegance  I had old pearls repurposed into a necklace with some crystals interspersed and these earrings worked perfectly. I wanted something small and elegant and that is what I received <end>  Very pretty  Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5&#34; Long Drop Earrings Made with Swarovski, was purchased for Christmas present. Believe it will be enjoyed. <end>  I love them  I got these for a gift, I think I'm going to keep them for myself, I love them & they look so nice.. <end>  I love them.  Added sparkle to the ordinary drop pearl ear rings. These add enough to make them different but still your &#34;go to&#34; pearl earrings. <end>  Beautiful!!!!  I bought the SCER155 Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Drop Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements 10mm White Faux Pearl and Crystal. It is beautiful and does not look cheap. Well made!!!! I will buy another one for my sister for Christmas. <end>  lovely earrings  Arrived timely, lovely earrings and I especially like the clasp.....very secure. Also purchased a pair for our daughter. May buy a couple pair more for Christmas gifts. <end>  thought they were smaller  These earrings are nice, but the pearl is huge and super white. They are not as elegant as I was hoping. <end>  classy  The picture does not do these earrings justice. They very expensive looking, and have a simple elegance. Don't hesitate to buy them <end>  SCER155 Sterling Silver Leverback 1.5" Long Drop Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements  These earrings are beautiful, exactly like what is pictured. Just what I was looking for to go with a pearl necklace that I have. <end>  Yes very nice  I ordered these in pink and this color and they are both very nice for the price. Light to wear and pretty! <end>  A little overpriced, but nice.  The best part of these earrings is that they are stamped 925 and are Sterling Silver. The pearl looks synthetic if you look close, but usually folks don't get that close so they work for almost any type of outfit. I think the price is little high, but I wanted that particular style earring and went for it. Packaging and shipping time were no problems for me. It arrived quickly and well packaged. I got these shipped free with the rest of my order; I wouldn't have paid extra to have them shipped. <end>  Gift  I purchased these for a friend who had them listed on her Wish List. She loves them. I have not seen them on her as she lives in Texas and I live in Florida. <end>  It looks toy earrings.  I bought it for me.But the pearl looks like a toy bead.So I don't like it. <end>  not as pretty as shown  This is a crappy item. You could have gotten this item elsewhere with no more than 5 dollars. Don't ever buy it if you can avoid it!! <end>  Stunning earrings!  I have many strands of pearls and a few pairs of pearl stud earrings. I wanted a dangle or hoop to go with the studs. These earrings looked so pretty online I decided to take a chance. They are absolutely beautiful! The picture is very accurate to the actual product. I uploaded a couple pictures of the earrings I received. The price is reasonable, especially for silver. Like many others, the non-precious metals irritate my skin so I was happy these came in sterling. Also, the leverbacks are more secure than french hooks so I don't worry about losing an earring.Buyers should note that the pearls are very white. These did not match a strand of cultured pearls I own that have a slight cream tone to them. I liked the earrings so it didn't matter to me. These earrings are so nice, I initially ordered them in pink and white but after seeing them, I came back to Amazon to order the black pearl pair. I am already considering the blue pearl set!Highly recommended! <end>  Elegant Earrings  These earrings are beautiful! Ever since I put them on, I've gotten lots of compliments on them. Just enough sparkle to satisfy the eye but not at all gaudy. The slingback makes them secure so I don't have to worry about them falling off. I plan on wearing them casually and to more formal affairs. Elegant earrings at a great price! <end>  Bought as gift for a bride, wasn't disappointed  I bought these earrings as the "something new" for a bride that is a dear friend. These earrings were simply beautiful and were much prettier than I imagined and certainly looked much better than in the photo. I had shown the bride about four photos of different earrings and she picked out two of them...with this being one of them. They aren't yellowish as the photo makes them, which is a good thing. The bride loved them and they looked very classy and matched her gown perfectly! I was thrilled. The only thing that I was disappointed in was the packaging. It looked very cheap and if you are getting them as a gift, get a new gift box as I did. Other than that, I loved the earring so much that I will probably buy a pair for myself!! <end>  Elegant and reasonably priced  Perfect for any wedding or formal night out. Eye-catching but not too flashy. Definitely a good buy for the price. <end>  pretty  I bought these as part of my bridesmaid attire for my best friend's wedding. They were lovely and sparkly, and arrived packaged carefully. <end>  Very Nice for the Money  Very expensive looking for the money. I gave as a gift and did come in nice gift box. I also got very quickly. Customer service was nice. <end>  Great value  They look great and very well made. Great value. And the service from Gem Avenue and Amazon was perfect. <end>  LOVE them!  I got these earrings quickly and I love them, they are stunning!!! I can't wait to wear them on my wedding day! <end>  White Swarovski Pearl Earings  These earrings are actually very nice and a perfect size. They will make a great gift. I would purchase from this seller again. <end>  great product, great price  I have previously ordered earrings from this site, and have consistently been very happy with the products and service. They offer great products at very reasonalbe prices. <end>  I love these earrings  I bought these and a necklace and braclet all from Amazon and I love all three pieces. I am going to wear them to my daughter's wedding in October. Worth the price for sure! <end>  Gorgeous !  LOVE LOVE LOVE these earrings ! They are very classy and elegant. Look pretty much exactly like the picture - I was surprised at how large the pearls were! <end>  for wedding  when I received these earrings they were in good condition. they are easy to put on. They are as pretty as they seem in the picture and actually looks better than I expected. I look forward to wearing them down the aisle. <end>  Elegant  I bought these earriings for my daughter who has VERY picky taste and doesn't like anything that looks fake or cheap. She loved these earrings, they are very elegant looking and the crystals sparkle like diamonds. I liked them so much I ordered a pair for myself in blue. You can also find them in many other colors. I would highly recommend them as a gift for someone special - they will not be disappointed. <end>  Girlfriend loved it  I don't know much about jewellery; no, make that nothing. I actually know nothing about jewellery but I made a decision based on the reviews here.I am sure glad I bought these. The pearls looked really nice and smooth (to my uneducated eyes) and the whole piece of jewellery just seemed well made.Bottomline is  my girlfriend loved it and she wears them very often. That's what matters  -) <end>  Pleasantly Surprised  I purchased these as a gift for a special occasion for a teen girl. They arrived right on time, and the gift box was nice. We did remove them from the plastic bag to make the presentation a little nicer. The young lady's eyes lit up when she opened them, and I know she was pleased. I was a little hesitant to order jewelry that I haven't actually examined in person, but these were elegant and lovely, without being gaudy. The size is just right, and the quality was good as well. I might need to order a pair for myself. <end>  Love love love these earrings!!  I requested these earrings as a Christmas gift for myself via a wish list and I couldn't be happier. I receive compliments on these earrings all of the time. They are perfect for wearing with jeans or for wearing with a dress. They are a staple in my wardrobe. You won't be sorry! A great gift for someone that you are having a hard time deciding what to buy. <end>  Bridesmaids Gift  I decided to use these earrings as the jewelry to give to my bridesmaids as thank you gifts for being in our wedding. After reading the reviews, I was a little hesitant to purchase them due to some negative comments posted by others. I will honestly say that, for the price, they are the best earrings I could have found for our December wedding. Both my bridesmaids, and myself, will be wearing these earrings on our wedding day. They have a very sophisticated look to them without having to spend hundreds of dollars. One quick comment to make about the color would be that the actual color is more ivory than the champaign look the picture seems to portray. However, the product description says "White Pearl" so it is nothing that I could have been upset about.Several buyers commented on structural defects with the product. I work retail part time and know that damages and defects occur; and while it is unfortunate that the duds get sent out, I cannot imagine that they were sent out deliberately. My earrings came in mint condition with no defects. However, if there was a problem, I would simply take advantage of the return policy to exchange them or find a different product.My only regret is that I did not purchase them straight from the vendor's website. The cost is the same but also come with a jewelry cleaning cloth as an added gift for the purchase; something that is not included when purchased on Amazon.In terms of shipping  I registered for the trial version for Amazon Prime and received the earrings next day!I would definitely recommend this product to others! <end>  Pretty  Got this for my wife as a quick gift. She is picky with her jewelry so I was glad she liked it. The product itself is of good quality. No rough edges or anything else to make it look as inexpensive as it is sold for.I would suggest getting a nicer box to give present it with. The box it comes in isn't the nicest. <end>  Elegance at a Bargain Price  I ordered these earrings to coordinate with a genuine pearl necklace I received as Valentine's gift. They arrived today, and I could not be more pleased. If anything, they will outshine the real pearls!Amazingly lovely for the small price, they came boxed in a nice silver box and enclosed in a sturdy small plastic zip bag, which will serve to protect them during travels.I plan to wear these for special occasions, but I can see them as perfect accessories for a wedding.  -) <end>  I like these  These are very nice earrings no question. The only thing I would tell people to note when buying is the fact the earring is not a post but it is a rounded hook like the photo shows and this style of pierced earring is much harder to get through the hole in the ear than a straight post or fish hook style earring. Other than that the earrings are beautiful and are well worth the money. <end>  Pretty & Decently Priced  I wore these to a friend's wedding & I think they looked nice. I'm not crazy about the clasp but I suppose I could always change that (at least they won't fall off). Like any pearls, make sure the color matches other pearls you happen to be wearing, but I quite enjoyed these. The price is a little high though, so I'd make sure you really love them before buying. <end>  Fabulous!  These earrings were gorgeous. I bought them as a Christmas gift and they looked fantastic on the person who received them. They can be combined with a dressy outfit or can make an outfit dressy. They were a hit. <end>  quiltmaker  I am very pleased with these earrings. This is the second pair I have ordered and I wear them quite often. Nice. <end>  Love these earrings  I was thrilled to see how beautiful these earrings are in person--much better than the picture. They are made very well and look much more expensive in person. They are elegant and classy--will go with any outfit! You can dress these up or down...nice, very nice. <end>  Beautiful Earrings  I ordered a pair originally for myself because I loved them. Once they came in and I saw how beautiful they are, I ordered another pair for a Christmas gift for a friend. We both love them!! <end>  pearl earrings  I purchased these as a gift. The picture to me does not do justice to how beautiful these earrings really are. They got some bliing to them which is great. Perfect pair of earrings to dress up or down!!! <end>  Very Pleased  I bought these last Xmas as a gift. The pearls are really big and lovely. They sparkle alot with the Swarovski crystals. The recipient was extremely happy with them and wears these alot. I highly recommend these earrings. They exceded my expectations. <end>  She loved them!!!!!!!!!  An early christmas present for my wife, the are beautiful. she loved them. the crystals add just enough sparkle. you could wear them with anything. they are perfect. <end>  perfect  The earrings came exactly as described. I have received several compliments from my friends. All of them were impressed by its low price. Good choice! <end>  Beautiful earrings!!!  Beautiful earrings at a great price. These earrings are classy and elegant!!. They were shipped promptly and arrived in a nice box. I'm happy to have them. <end>  Beautiful and Delicate !  These earrings are a must have! They are small but well made...very pretty and the lever backs make it easy to slip them on and off...look great with any outfit! love them! 5 stars! <end>  ladybug  The earring is very very nice. The crystal make it look more attractive and elegant. The seller make the transaction very easy when there is a problem. Will purchase from this brand again. Thank you. <end>  Beautiful product  I was pleasantly surprised by these earrings, I purchased them for my wedding and they are absolutely beautiful!They look absolutely real and reflect light and shine beautifully. I would certainly recommend these earrings! <end>  These are beautiful earrings!  D  I ordered these earrings, and hoped they'd be as pretty as they looked online.Although they came in a small silver box, and the earrings were inside asmall ziploc type bag, they are really beautiful, and well made!I ordered these for our daughter for a Christmas gift...she loves pearls!I cannot wait to give them to her  )Thank you! <end>  Simply elegant  I bought these as a gift for my daughter. She has a strand of pearls, but has fretted over not having proper earrings. When I handed her the box, she opened it, then her eyes got wide. Then she smiled! She likes the versatility of the look, too -- silver metal, sparkly crystals, and gleaming pearls -- she can wear them with anything! <end>  so pretty!  These are sparkly and pretty without being too big and flashy. They are the perfect size, also. I'm going to wear them as a bridesmaid in a friend's wedding and I'm sure they'll be perfect! <end>  They look just like the picture.  These earrings are great. They look nice and make for a wonderful gift. Out of the packed they worked correctly and shine in the light. <end>  Lovely Earrings  I purchased these to wear for my wedding. They are lovely and good quality. They looked exactly as I expected them to from the pictures and really complimented my dress. They are not so fancy that I would never wear them again and I will definitely wear them again. <end>  Classy, elegant, wear anywhere... just watch the clasp!  They were exactly as pictured and I am not disappointed at all.My only niggler is that this earring plus another earring (SCER009 Sterling Silver Lavender Blue and Clear Crystal 1.5" Long Dangle Earrings Made with Swarovski Elements) came packaged in a LARGE box with bubble wrap. Completely unnecessary!!! As I live outside the US, I had to pay customs to bring it in, and the extra packaging was not appreciated as it cost more.Very pretty, elegant, look even more expensive than they are, and the glassy sparkle above and below the pearl is simply beautiful.A bit pricier than my usual budget for jewelry of this type, but worth it.Can be worn to work or out to dinner or just hanging around with friends. It adapts well as the pearl is understated.This type of clasp can be a bit tricky at times, so be careful not to break it! <end>
 B000PAMAMG  Sterling Silver, Peridot and Iolite Pendant by Sajen, 18" ||	  Very pretty pendant  The stones are a nice delicate size and the design clean and simple. I am very picky with my peridots and this one has a very nice color. The iolite is a little on the dark side but part of that is because its encased in silver and not a lot of light gets into it to show off the color. Hold the pendant up to a window and the pretty color shines through. The necklace sits in a nice spot on the neck just above almost any neckline. Very glad to have made this purchase and have already received compliments on it. <end>  Pretty overall  This is not a large pendant. The peridot is very sparkly and shows up well. The iolite, however, is quite small and dark. Hard to tell it's blue unless you look closely. But it's a very pretty necklace overall. I'm sure I'll wear it often. <end>
 B000PAMB1G  Sterling Silver Swiss Blue Topaz Heart Pendant by Sajen ||	  Better than expected  I ordered this small heart-shaped pendant for my granddaughter for Valentine's Day. The quality of the workmanship of the piece exceeded my expectations. It's really beautiful. I am very, very pleased. <end>
 B000PAMB2K  Sterling Silver, Amethyst and Peridot Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Sajen earrings  These are just beautiful and very well made. I am impressed by the quality. The silver is heavy and the stones are clear and well-set. <end>  Good quality  Needed earrings to match a necklace with the same stones; this fit the bill perfectly. Good quality silver and gemstones. <end>
 B000PAMBIY  Sterling Silver Cabochon Amethyst Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Very pretty and well made  Amethysts are clear (but not a fake looking clear), and the earrings are well made. <end>  Lovely, looks just like the picture  A word of warning about these earrings The first pair I received from Amazon was defective. One earring contained a clear stone, and the other was cloudy. The difference was so drastic, they looked like they ought to belong to different designs. Amazon replaced the earrings without any hassle. They even paid for return shipping, as per their policy.The second pair was lovely with two clear stones. The earrings and the stones look small and delicate (in a fine way, not flimsy). I've purchased Sajen designs from Amazon before, and the pieces are always well-made. Unlike some of Amazon's other jewelry, the Sajen pieces always look exactly like the photo. This was the first time I've had a problem with their jewelry, and I hope it was just a fluke. <end>
 B000PAMBK2  Sterling Silver, Paua Shell and Mother-of-Pearl Earrings by Sajen ||	  Beautiful.  Beautiful earrings. Bought as a gift, but was very tempted to keep them for myself!! <end>
 B000PAMCEC  Sterling Silver Adjustable Carved Dyed Cinnabar Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  Beautiful ring...can't beat the price!  I bought this ring for myself while Sajen jewelry was on sale for 30% off. After getting the ring, I added several more of these beautiful pieces to my wish list. <end>
 B000PAMD00  22k Gold Overlay Green Druzy and Peridot Earrings by Sajen ||	  Gold overlay is cheap  While these earrings are pretty, the "gold" overlay wore off after two wearing. This is JUST wearing during the day, not sleeping with them on or showering. If you want a one-wear earring, this is fine. If you want something that shows quality AND lasts, keep looking. <end>
 B000PAOBP0  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 5 ||	  Beautiful ring  I bought this as a graduation gift for my daughter. She wanted a ring to remind her of her college completion without having a "class ring". She also requested a wide band. When I ordered it, I thought that it would do until I found something "nicer". That changed when the ring arrived. The picture does not begin to do it justice. It is a beautiful ring, elegant and feminine without having a "little girl" look. And, as lovely as it was in the box, it looks 100 times better on her hands. The only caveat I have is to order a larger than normal size. My daughter wears a size 5 ring but wide bands usually do better with a larger ring. I ordered a 6 and it fits perfectly. Final notes  The shipping was fast and the presentation (box) is beautiful as well. <end>
 B000PAOCNQ  Sterling Silver Faceted Iolite Filigree Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Vivid Sterling Iolite Earrings  These earrings are beautiful. The intricate carving of the sterling silver lends a vintage feel to these dazzlers, giving them a significant presence without being too heavy. Well crafted.Ancients referred to iolite as the "water sapphire" and let me tell you the color of these iolite is VIVID (not gray like some can be). The deep blue/purple hues are gorgeous and you can't beat the price.I have received many compliments whether worn for casual or dressy occasions, by friends and strangers alike.I WILL buy more pieces by Sajen. <end>  Special earrings  Sterling Silver Faceted Iolite Filigree Dangle Earrings by SajenLovely earrings. Lightweight and comfortable. <end>  Another Sajen success!  These earrings are beautiful.Sajen has turned out to be a great source of jewelry for every day wear. <end>
 B000PAOCP4  Sterling Silver Lapis Horizontal Oval Earrings by Sajen ||	  Keep looking  These earrings looked perfect in the picture. They were well shaped and not too big. I am not a fan of large earrings. Their only failing is that they don't match in color. One of the earrings is almost black and the other is a little darker than royal blue. When you put them together, it looks like you put on one earring each from a different set. I have even had comments. I would say that you need to look for a different manufacturer that does a better job of matching the earring pair. <end>
 B000PAODG2  Sterling Silver Turquoise Scroll Design Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Smaller than I expected  These earrings are very beautiful but are smaller than I expected and the wires are not as pictured. The product description says the earrings are one inch - but that must be from the top of the wire loop to the bottom of the earring. The round part of the earring is NOT one inch. <end>  cute  I bought these as a Christmas present for a coworker who likes turquoise. I thought they were pretty/cute and she has worn them to work a few times, so she must too -)They are a good size for everyday wear and the intricate design is unique. <end>  Beautiful!  Gorgeous earrings, I got for my mother in law and stepmom for Xmas. They both loved them. They are very delicate and look like you got them at an antique store. <end>  very elegant and classy earrings.  These are the type of earrings you can get in those expensive boutiques for a lot more money than Amazon's selling price. They are delicate and if you are hard on your jewelry these are not for you unless you save them for special ocassions. They look very classy and the turquoise adds the right amount of color. My husband noticed these and that's a lot to say, he said they were beautiful and very "lady like". On the small side (check the description) but that's the size I prefer anyways; if you are looking for a statement piece these are not your pair of earrings. They will look great with either casual or a more dressy look. Love them! <end>
 B000PAODJE  Sterling Silver, Paua Shell, Moonstone and Cassiopeia Topaz Pendant by Sajen ||	  Gorgeous Necklace  This was a very pleasant surprise. I did not know what it would look like in person. It is lovely. I put it on an omega necklace rather than on a chain. It looks so very nice for dressy or casual wear. I also ordered paua shell earrings in the shape of tear drops. They look as though they were purchased as a set. I get lots of compliments on both. The price is very reasonable for the beauty and quality you receive. <end>  Gorgeous!  This pendant is even more stunning in real life than it is in the photo. It's not quite worth the full $95 price tag, but I bought mine while Amazon was running a special. I couldn't be happier with it.(Note that a chain is not included. The pendant is not light, so pair it with one of your sturdier sterling silver chains.) <end>
 B000PAOE6Q  Sterling Silver Carved Oval Cinnabar Earrings by Sajen ||	  Beautiful  I got these and a matching necklace for Christmas for a friend and you would have thought I had given her the moon! She absolutely loved them and raves about them still. I didn't realize when I purchased them that the 'stones' are really dull, the only shine comes from the silver, but this is the way Cinnabar is, very unique. I will be back to purchase more Cinnabar for my friend for her birthday. <end>
 B000PAQ43C  14k Yellow Gold Satin-Finish Heart Locket Necklace, 18" ||	  Very nice gift for daughter  Bought this on "Today's Deals" and was very satisfied with the size and appearance. Chain is lightweight but the pendant is good quality. <end>  nice  Beautiful locket, but the hinge is tarnishing and turning coppery/brown, meaning I don't think that part of the locket is gold. Same thing for the inside frame. I still love it though. Feminine, dainty, beautiful. <end>  Classy Nice  This necklace ust the right size and just the right amount of satin finish. My wife loved it.My only complaint was absolutely no instructions showing how to get a photo into the locket (after an hour of trying to figure it out myself, google came to the rescue). It may have been self-evident for some, but unless you've done it before you're afraid you might break the interior if you don't do it right. <end>  great look hard to put picture in  looks nicejust bought for my wife.only thing is too tiny to put a picture and the plastice sheet inside is hard to take out.gave up trying in the end to put in a picture <end>  She Loved It  This locket was a Valentines gift to my girlfriend. We are at that stage in our relationship when you want to get something meaningful yet not to over the top. This was the perfect gift. I placed pictures of our daughters and me inside and had it engraved with her name on the front and our favorite song on the back. It was a bit smaller than I thought is was going to be so be careful if you are looking for something big! What matters is that She loved it!J <end>
 B000PAQBPS  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Beautiful ring  I bought this as a graduation gift for my daughter. She wanted a ring to remind her of her college completion without having a "class ring". She also requested a wide band. When I ordered it, I thought that it would do until I found something "nicer". That changed when the ring arrived. The picture does not begin to do it justice. It is a beautiful ring, elegant and feminine without having a "little girl" look. And, as lovely as it was in the box, it looks 100 times better on her hands. The only caveat I have is to order a larger than normal size. My daughter wears a size 5 ring but wide bands usually do better with a larger ring. I ordered a 6 and it fits perfectly. Final notes  The shipping was fast and the presentation (box) is beautiful as well. <end>
 B000PAQBUS  Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Beautiful  I ordered this ring for a friend at the bargain price of $15. The ring is well made and the garnet is beautiful. The stone is clear and sparkles. I'm happy with the purchase. <end>
 B000PAQBW6  Sterling Silver, Papua Shell, Malachite and Lapis Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Great product by Sajen!  I love this ring. The perfect match for my abalone (paua shell) collection!Excellent quality. It is reasizable (the base around the finger has a cut so the size can be enlarged if it's needed.) <end>  Nicer than the picture!  The ring is well crafted as all Sajen silver jewelry seems to be as I own several items. I am wearing it on my little finger where it is definitely noticed because of size and design. Love it, purchase recommended... <end>
 B000PAQDNI  Sterling Silver Adjustable Carved Dyed Cinnabar Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Beautiful ring...can't beat the price!  I bought this ring for myself while Sajen jewelry was on sale for 30% off. After getting the ring, I added several more of these beautiful pieces to my wish list. <end>
 B000PAQDQK  Sterling Silver Adjustable Mud Bead Ring by Sajen, Size 9 ||	  Nice Ring  This ring is more petite than I think I expected. I like it just the same. It looks great on my hand. The adjustable size makes it great..I don't wear a 6...so I had to pop out the side to adjust and it worked out just great. The silver is of a good weight and the packaging it came in was top quality. The price for this was reasonable too. If earrings come out to match...I'll get those too... Its really quite hard to find pieces like this. I was happy to find this! <end>
 B000PAQDWY  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Lapis Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  Nice but not as nice as other Sajen rings  A while ago I got the "Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen" for one of my friends. That ring is beautiful and very similiar to this one. However when I got this one for one of my other friends, although it is a nice ring, in my opinion it is not as nice as the first one I bought. For one, the scroll design does not go all the way around (I thought it would), and at least on the one I received, the stone and setting is a little malformed (not a nice rectangle).Overall it is still a very nice piece. The recipient of the ring loved it. I would go for the Garnet version first though if you don't already have it. A plus with both these rings is that the back is open so it is adjustable. <end>
 B000PAQE3M  Carnelian Beaded Bracelet by Sajen, 8" ||	  Carnelian bracelet  This bracelet is great for casual times. The stones in mine almost match in color. They look like stones and not plastic as some stones end up looking. You have to like clunky jewelry to like a bracelet like this one. It is unusual, and I think, rather pretty. <end>  Better than pictured  I got this on a great deal for Sajen products. The colors are much brighter than the picture shows, and when I put it on, it really is very pretty. Not too heavy, a great accent to any outfit. This is another one of those things I get as a possible gift to give, but then like it so much, I end up keeping it... <end>
 B000PAQEC8  Sterling Silver Faceted Garnet Filigree Earrings by Sajen ||	  Beautiful earrings  These are lovely earrings. The picture makes the garnets look somewhat "muddy", but in real life they are a vibrant garnet red. It is also nice that there is a little hook to secure the earwires, it makes them feel so much more secure than plain earwires. Altogether a very good price on really nice earrings. But all the Sajen jewelry is beautifully made and very attractive. <end>  Beautiful!  The picture of these earrings does not do them justice.They are beautiful.Dress up an outfit.Seller was prompt with delivery. <end>
 B000PAS430  Sterling Silver Garnet Dangle Earrings by Sajen ||	  Delicate Beauty  These simple earrings are a great gift. They are suitable for younger girls, but also for grown women. I get many comments each time I wear them. They are simple, but very well done. Very very nice. <end>  Lovely  These were a Valentine's gift for my daughter who thought they were lovely. They are delicate and seem well made <end>
 B000PAS43U  Sterling Silver Amethyst and Mother-of-Pearl Post Earrings by Sajen ||	  If I could give it less than a 1, I would!  I had bought these for my daughter. They arrived broken and I sent them back. THANK HEAVENS! They were huge, gaudy, and extremely cheap looking. Note to self, do not trust jewelry online! These were truly horrible. The picture is cute and, if they had looked like the picture, I would have been happy. The colors were not true, they looked like costume jewelry from a gumball machine not the quality I expected at all. <end>  Pretty (But One Of The Stones Fell Out)  I bought these when they were on sale for $9.99. The craftsmanship of the silver is okay, but nothing extravagant. The amethyst are a nice size; and the mother of pearl is pretty. However, I'm not sure if I would have bought them at the regular price.EDIT  Other than trying them on when I first received them, I never wore them for an extended period. Good thing, because just being stored in a jewelry pouch resulted in the Amethyst of one falling out. Not good craftsmanship if you ask me! I'd skip these if they ever are for sale again. <end>
 B000PAS53E  Sterling Silver Black Star Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  I really have been impresed with Sajen's craftsmanship  This is one of 8 Sajen products that I own and I have been very happy with all my purchases.The ring is well made and feels very "solid". I wear it as a "pinky" ring and I feel it is a great size for that. <end>
 B000PAS5DO  Sterling Silver Carved Cinnabar Turtle Pendant by Sajen ||	  Much prettier than the photo  You can't tell it from the photo, but the red cinnabar is beautifully and intricately carved, and the whole thing is really gorgeous. I've had this for a year and absolutely love it. It can function as a pin, but hangs beautifully as a pendant. If you're looking for a gift for a turtle lover or a cinnabar lover, you can't go wrong with this. <end>
 B000PAS660  Sterling Silver Adjustable Carved Dyed Cinnabar Ring by Sajen, Size 10 ||	  Beautiful ring...can't beat the price!  I bought this ring for myself while Sajen jewelry was on sale for 30% off. After getting the ring, I added several more of these beautiful pieces to my wish list. <end>
 B000PCZ6UC  14K Yellow Gold Ruby and Diamond Bracelet ||	  Good Value  A beautiful, delicate little bracelet. I feel I "got what I paid for"....something that does not happen too often these days!!!! <end>
 B000PCZML0  10k Yellow Gold Green Amethyst Earrings ||	  Gorgeous green amethyst earrings  After much searching and comparison, these earrings just fit the bill. They were elegant, affordable and made an impact on the ear. I gave them as a very well received gift. Shipping was prompt and I was very satisfied. <end>  stone keeps falling out  I loved these when I bought them in February 2009, but sooner or later I will have to quit wearing them because I will loose the stone for good. The stone looks and feels secure, but when I least expect it, it drops out. <end>  Could be a bit greener.  You have to look real close to see the green. They are nice looking earings but I would like them much better if the green was more prominent. <end>
 B000PD1IRQ  10k Yellow Gold Smoky Quartz Ring, Size 6 ||	  Lovely design - poor quality control  I purchased this 10k ring in lieu of the 14k with plans to have the stone re-mounted in a more solid ring setting by my jeweler. The setting is actually nice (wish I had purchased the 14k.)The stone is the problem - it is not cut properly. One end of the stone is angled down into the ring which ruins the nice rectangular/oblong look of the ring.Quality control must have had the day off when this ring was made.I also have the matching earrings & necklace which I love (I placed the pendant on a heavier chain) <end>
 B000PD1ISU  10k Yellow Gold Smoky Quartz Ring, Size 7 ||	  Lovely design - poor quality control  I purchased this 10k ring in lieu of the 14k with plans to have the stone re-mounted in a more solid ring setting by my jeweler. The setting is actually nice (wish I had purchased the 14k.)The stone is the problem - it is not cut properly. One end of the stone is angled down into the ring which ruins the nice rectangular/oblong look of the ring.Quality control must have had the day off when this ring was made.I also have the matching earrings & necklace which I love (I placed the pendant on a heavier chain) <end>
 B000PD5GQ0  10k Yellow Gold Green Amethyst Ring, Size 6 ||	  Cheap setting, VERY THIN!!! Beware.  The stone is beautiful, but don't let the picture here deceive you. The ring setting is the thinnest and cheapest I've ever seen (the picture makes you think it's a solid setting---it's NOT). I've gotten rings on Ebay for $10 that have a far sturdier setting.I love the stone, but I'm afraid that if I wear the ring, the setting won't last. It looks as though the setting cost $1 at the most. Too bad the setting isn't more solid--the stone / ring would be very nice with a better setting. <end>  Poor workmanship  The stone fell out of the setting the first time I wore it. Luckily I found the stone right away. I placed the ring and the stone in a small pocket in my purse as I had nothing else to store it in at the time.The "gold" setting was so flimsy that it bent out of shape while it was in my purse for a few hours. <end>  disappointing  The quality and look were not what I had anticipated. Very flimsy.I would not recommend this item <end>  Let Down  This ring was not as expected. The color of the Amethyst is light green, almost translucent and it does not have the two-tone color effect as shown in the picture. I have had this ring for about 6 months, only wearing it 3 times and the stone has fallen out. Beautiful picture but ring is not up to par. <end>  Very nice.....  Unlike the other customers I found the ring to be of high quality and it is a very lovely stone. <end>
 B000PDWBYK  Bone Green Bracelet "Funky Chunky Bracelet" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  High Fashion at a very reasonable price  This bracelet is uber-hip and very well made. I have it in green but might have to get all colors  ). I really love this company (and their mission) and their stuff makes great presents. <end>
 B000PDYGEI  Avon Birthstone Angel Necklace ||	  My mom liked it but it shipped with a broken chain  She thought it was very pretty although you have to specify if you want the pearl headed one or the other one but it shipped with a broken chain. Very pretty silver angel. <end>  not the same thing  What I recieved is not what the picture shows! Could not pick what month I needed. It did not come close to what i was looking for. <end>
 B000PEAE02  Floating CZs Sterling Silver Charm Bracelet ||	  I would recommend this item.  This bracelet is very pretty and appears like its photo. I would recommend it. <end>
 B000PEEAJS  Sterling Silver Cutout Heart Band ||	  Love and Life  This ring is masterfully crafted and looks fantastic on my hand. It is simple but elegant. In sizing, it runs a tad big, but not enough to interfere with me wearing it. When choosing which ring size you want, pick the one you usually wear, just know it will not be a snug fit. <end>
 B000PEFDU8  14K White Gold Small Mother and Twin Pendant ||	  Beautiful, but should be called "Tiny" rather than "Small"  Love the design and couldn't afford the "Large" pendant, Sure, the dimensions are given, but it sure feels very small (better yet, TINY) once I received it. (The pendant is even small in comparison to the loop in the back of the "mother's head" for the necklace.) Other than that, the design is beautiful and well executed. (Maybe a bit expensive, and the MSRP is certainly inflated to make the actual price look like a bargain!) <end>
 B000PEFNPI  Toe Ring - Sterling Silver Adjustable Irish Celtic Knot Weave Design Toe Ring ||	  Pleased  I really like this toe ring. It is the width I've been looking for and I love the celtic pattern. My only con would be that it is a little easier to manipulate than I prefer. I wear it everyday and so far it has retained it's shape. So it's all good. <end>  good quality Irish Celtic Knot toe ring  I bought two of these toe rings as Christmas gifts. Especially for the price, this is a quality item. I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this again. <end>  love it!  i bought this toe ring months ago and i rarely take it off very sturdy and great for tha price love it <end>  Nice toe ring  This is a nice piece of silver jewelry...I'm considering getting another ! <end>  well made toe ring  Toe rings are usually pretty junky and not well made but I really like this one. <end>
 B000PEHCWA  14K Yellow Gold Children's Diamond Cross Pendant ||	  Nice, really small  This is a nice cross, but is really tiny. Perfect for a baby. But barely see the diamond (not at all what you see on the picture). Of course I did not expect anything big, but is really a chip of a diamond, alms invisible. Regardless, I use it all the time together with a baby girl charm. It comes with a nice thin gold chain. Very nice present for a newborn, of if like me, you want a discrete crucifix. I give it four stars because I was expecting something a bit bigger. <end>
 B000PEIO22  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (1.00 cttw equivalent), Size 6 ||	  beyond beatiful ring  First of all, the ring doesn't look anything like the picture. It's BETTER! The stones are super sparkly and the gold on the band is nice and substantial, not thin and flimsy. The best part is the stones. They are beautiful; the center stone is maybe around .50 ct and the two side stones are .25. Since they are smaller weight stones, they look very white, and of course have a ton of sparkle. The three stones are set side by side and their fire bounces off each other beautifully. However, the total carat weight is 1 ct, so the ring will fit better on smaller hands. I have a size 5 finger, and it looks great, but I'd think a size 6 is the most you can go unless you like very petite rings. The 2 ct. ring would be perfect for the larger sizes. Definitely a keeper. <end>
 B000PEIOLS  14k White Gold Moissanite 12 Stone Graduated Journey Pendant W/18" Box Chain (1.89 cttw equivalent) ||	  Lots of Bling for a Little Cha-Ching  I purchased this item as a gift for my wife and she absolutely LOVES it! The shipping was very fast and the product was packaged well. I would definitely order other jewelry from this seller in the future. <end>
 B000PEKBUK  14K Three Tone Gold I Love You Heart Shaped Locket ||	  Heart locket  I purchased this locket for a friend of mine. The locket is a little difficult to open, therefore I rated it with 4 stars instead of 5 stars.I printed the photos myself and inserted them in the locket. It was no easy task to put the plastic covering the photos back on but once I was done it looked good and my friend was happy. <end>  A gift from my dad to my mom  This is a story of love and the remarkable gift that came in the form of this locket. In October of 2008, my dad was diagnosed with end stage lung cancer. He held on and was doing pretty good until Christmas. My mom, an incredible woman, worked hard to keep him at home until the end. On Christmas day, my husband, kids and I, invited them over for dinner. My dad, plugged in to the oxygen tank and using a walker constantly now, had been unable to shop for a gift for my mom. He wanted to get her a locket. My mom wanted something engraved on it, but he couldn't get out of the house to get her anything. So he and I sat down at my computer and we went to Amazon to see what kind of jewelry we might find. We found this locket. I have never ordered jewelry on-line before and didn't know what to expect, but I trusted Amazon so I ordered it. Unfortunately, I didn't order it to be shipped sooner. Dad died Jan 11 in 2009 and the necklace arrived Jan 13th. The kids and I wrapped it in Christmas wrapping paper and took it over to my mom's. I can't thank you enough for the beautiful necklace that you sent. It far exceeded our expectations and my mom has not taken it off since the night she put it on. We are looking for a tiny picture of dad to put in it. I am sure that Dad would have approved of the quality and workmanship too. I just wanted you to know that you made my mom's (and mine too) Christmas. It was a wonderful gift to celebrate nearly 40 years together. Thank you from all of us.Sincerely,Susan L. Gonzales <end>
 B000PEKFA6  14K Two Tone Gold Pendant Enhancer ||	  Absolutely beautiful!!  This pendant is more beautiful in person than the picture. It is very well made and has substantial weight to it. I was very impressed with the quality and workmanship of this item. I will definitely purchase from this seller again. <end>
 B000PEKIUS  14K Yellow Gold Cross Pendant ||	  14k Yellow Gold Cross Pendant  I bought this cross necklace in 2010, and absolutely love it. It's simple, classic, and elegent. I wear it everyday. I often find myself rubbing it between my thumb and fingers. I love the smooth feel to it. If you are looking for a cross you will not tire of...This is it! Also available in white gold. Comes with 14k chain. <end>
 B000PEKR86  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (1.00 cttw equivalent), Size 9 ||	  beyond beatiful ring  First of all, the ring doesn't look anything like the picture. It's BETTER! The stones are super sparkly and the gold on the band is nice and substantial, not thin and flimsy. The best part is the stones. They are beautiful; the center stone is maybe around .50 ct and the two side stones are .25. Since they are smaller weight stones, they look very white, and of course have a ton of sparkle. The three stones are set side by side and their fire bounces off each other beautifully. However, the total carat weight is 1 ct, so the ring will fit better on smaller hands. I have a size 5 finger, and it looks great, but I'd think a size 6 is the most you can go unless you like very petite rings. The 2 ct. ring would be perfect for the larger sizes. Definitely a keeper. <end>
 B000PEKUWO  14K Yellow Gold Miraculous Medal ||	  miraculous medal  The design is delicate and the quality is good for 14k gold. The picture made me believe that the medal was more solid than it actually is.It came with a 14k gold chain and is quite a nice piece of jewelry. The product also was delivered in a gift box and arrived in a timely manner <end>
 B000PEKVKU  14K Yellow Gold Alpha Omega Cross ||	  Just beautiful  This cross is just beautiful and very unique. Diva Diamonds was very good to work with, we will definately purchase from them again <end>
 B000PEM8YM  14K Yellow Gold Rose Cross ||	  Cross  I love this cross. The cross is exactly as the company described it. I wear it all the time. It was sent right away and receieved within a few days. I am very happy with it. <end>
 B000PEMAMW  14K Yellow Gold Cross Pendant ||	  Great Product  Excellant seller. This item came packed well and very quickly! I would buy from divadiamonds again! <end>
 B000PEMCL6  14k White Gold Moissanite Classic Tiffany Solitaire (.75 cttw equivalent), Size 7 ||	  A Must for brides everywhere!!!  This ring is so beautiful, it's dazzles in the dark!!! The clarity is fabu for the prize. Brides, now and to be, GET THIS RING!!! <end>
 B000PEO7VO  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (1.00 cttw equivalent), Size 7 ||	  beyond beatiful ring  First of all, the ring doesn't look anything like the picture. It's BETTER! The stones are super sparkly and the gold on the band is nice and substantial, not thin and flimsy. The best part is the stones. They are beautiful; the center stone is maybe around .50 ct and the two side stones are .25. Since they are smaller weight stones, they look very white, and of course have a ton of sparkle. The three stones are set side by side and their fire bounces off each other beautifully. However, the total carat weight is 1 ct, so the ring will fit better on smaller hands. I have a size 5 finger, and it looks great, but I'd think a size 6 is the most you can go unless you like very petite rings. The 2 ct. ring would be perfect for the larger sizes. Definitely a keeper. <end>
 B000PEO7VY  14k White Gold Moissanite 3 Stone Lucern Past-Present and Future (1.00 cttw equivalent), Size 8 ||	  beyond beatiful ring  First of all, the ring doesn't look anything like the picture. It's BETTER! The stones are super sparkly and the gold on the band is nice and substantial, not thin and flimsy. The best part is the stones. They are beautiful; the center stone is maybe around .50 ct and the two side stones are .25. Since they are smaller weight stones, they look very white, and of course have a ton of sparkle. The three stones are set side by side and their fire bounces off each other beautifully. However, the total carat weight is 1 ct, so the ring will fit better on smaller hands. I have a size 5 finger, and it looks great, but I'd think a size 6 is the most you can go unless you like very petite rings. The 2 ct. ring would be perfect for the larger sizes. Definitely a keeper. <end>
 B000PEO8EA  14k White Gold Moissanite Classic Tiffany Solitaire (.75 cttw equivalent), Size 6 ||	  A Must for brides everywhere!!!  This ring is so beautiful, it's dazzles in the dark!!! The clarity is fabu for the prize. Brides, now and to be, GET THIS RING!!! <end>
 B000PEOBHY  Sterling Silver Sq St. Christopher Pendant Medal ||	  St. Christopher medal  I have owned and cherished this medal for about a year now. Though I bought it on Amazon, I'm not sure if I bought it from this retailer. It is by far the best looking of all the St. Christopher medals I have seen on this, or any website. I am happy with its amazing detail. It is just different enough to stand out over all the others. <end>
 B000PEOBKG  Yellow Gold Filled St. Christopher Medal ||	  Great value  Excellent product. Very happy with this purchase. The gold is bright and the piece is a good size (approx. that of a quarter). I replaced the chain that it came with because it didn't have a clasp - just a solid strand of a much duller hued metal. <end>
 B000PGDT1Q  Buckskin Horse Sterling Silver and Enamel Earrings ||	  Beautiful and well-made  I bought these cute earrings for my daughter, who loves horses! They are larger and prettier than I thought they would be. They are a great value. <end>
 B000PGKQXU  Good Luck Elephant Pin from the Artazia Collection #712 NP ||	  Elephant pin  This Artazia piece is absolutely beautiful. Oh, the compliments I have received. I love to wear it. I am very particular of what I display. I love elephants, and have collected them for quite some time. This sturdy piece, is one of my favorites. Namaste! Claire <end>
 B000PGWOYY  Boma Heart & Star Anklet ||	  Beautiful anklet  I absolutely love BOMA! and Something Silver always has the best selection (although some times not the best price). That being said, Something Silver is the most consistent with respect to availability and shipping. I have purchased a number of items from them and never have been disappointed! <end>
 B000PH2OJ8  Bracelet - B4 - Handmade Murano Glass & Fire-Polished Beads - Lg Twists - Toggle Closure ~ Lime Green ||	  Looks great and shiny  I ordered in Lime green for my friend's birthday. She was pleasantly surprised and she immediatly puted on it. Great look and special attribute. Thanks! <end>
 B000PH4PZE  Earspiral tm ESP PAXS SS with "Paisley" "Celtic Knot" Dangle. Sterling Silver. ||	  Beautiful, but over priced  I bought this because I wanted something different. I was very please with the clean lines, it's only about 1 inch in length, I thought it was bigger at the price. I think is is very pretty but too expensive. There was an insert in the package that the company will repair or replace it if needed. I guess that's why the price is inflated. If you like it don't look at the price. <end>
 B000PHFF80  Loving Family&reg Large Sterling Silver Pendant with Extender - Mother and 4 Children ||	  Best Christmas gift ever  My son gave this pendant to my sister-in-law for Christmas this year. She absolutely loved it! She has had a ton of compliments on it! She said it was her best Christmas gift ever! Thanks! <end>  Lots of Compliments!  I got this pendant for Mother's Day and every time I wear it I get tons of compliments! (And lots of "Wow! You have FOUR children?!") It has become a special memento for me that I will cherish for years to come. It's still shiny and looks brand new, too! <end>
 B000PHHE7U  MOM Forever Crystal Infinity Circle Necklace - Gift Boxed ||	  Good quality for the price.  I was surprised at how nice it looked considering it was not expensive. I gave it to my Mom and Mother-in-Law and they both loved it and put it on right away. <end>  wife in tears  my children got this for there mother for mothers day absolutly beautifulland the shipper was fast it reached us just a few days time i would recommend getting this <end>  Greay Buy!  this is a wonderful gift for your mom cheap but doesnt look cheap great buy <end>  Brilliant  My mother loved it! I told her the price, and she was surprised it was so cheap, yet looked so expensive. Great stuff! <end>  Inexpensive, yet looks expensive!  What a just right gift for a mother!! It is packaged so fine and is sentimental! It is also inexpensive! But it looks elegant and expensive. Once I came across this, I was done shopping for a mother's day gift. <end>  GREAT!  This item was GREAT! My mother loved it and has worn it 10 times since I gave it to her! <end>  crane machine  I recently won a necklace in a box that looked just like this one.. in a crane machine. I had the same issue with the chain.. I have a feeling this is the same type of necklace. <end>  Makes your neck green, and the finish wears off!  Don't buy this piece of junk, yes it looks nice but after she wears it a couple times the cheap silver finish will come off and then make her neck turn green! Wow, what a gift! Do her a favor and save for something better or get her nothing cause this is just a waist of money. <end>  Mother's Day  I ordered this for my mom to be delivered before Mother's Day, which it was promised. While the reviews were good, it did NOT arrive in time and I am still waiting for delivery. It is not only disappointing but it is embarrassing. My mom deserves better. <end>  VERY DISAPOINTED  I am Nat's mom. She ordered this product for ME with an Amazon gift card GIVEN TO HER for Christmas. That was going to be her Christmas gift to me. It never arrived. I helped her track it, and the response was that the USPS showed it was delivered and that we should check with our neighbors, and if they didn't have it then we had to file a claim with the USPS.VERY, VERY, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!My daughter is now out her money, and very sad she was not able to give me that Christmas prestent. <end>  Mom necklace  My daughter absolutely loves this necklace. She is a new mother. I wanted to get her something special from her newborn son. <end>  MOM loved it!  I purchased this for my mom for mothers day 2012. Though the chain is thin, the pendant is very beautiful and she was thrilled with it. It was worth the price, arrived on time, and I would recommend to friends. <end>  MOM Forever Crystal Infinity Circle Necklace - Gift Boxed  I brought this as a Christmas present for my moms and they loved it. So did I, it really nice gift for mom. <end>  woot  My son gave this to his mother for Xmas. She loved it and is still under the impression that it must have cost much more <end>  Love it  I gave this to my... wait for it... MOM; for her Birthday! She wears it all the time, when my dad and I take her lunch when she works, I see her wearing it! If the light hits it just right, it is unbleiveable! Price= AwesomeLook= Even better! <end>  Nice necklace  My mom loved it! It sparkles very nicely in the light. It is a very pretty necklace. It even comes in a very nice box. <end>  nice great gift  its a cheap but pretty neckalcae to give to your mom butthebox it comes in is a little cleashayishy but is a nic gift for the price and its the thought that counts though the chain could be a little longer <end>  Beautiful necklace  Beautiful necklace, picture doesn't do it justice!! Bought for my Mom as a gift and I was pleasantly pleased with this product!! <end>  Beautiful  This necklace was really pretty! It looked pretty online, but when it arrived, I was pleasantly surprised at it's quality and how eye catching it is. The box it came in really enhanced it since I was giving it to my Mom for Christmas. I would definitely recommend this one! <end>  Great  Great look, fast shipping gave it a friend as xris gift since she is a great mother. she likes it Very much <end>  Mom Necklace  I loved my necklace. The pendant is beautiful. I wish the necklace would have been longer cuz I like them long. <end>  Perfect!!  It does not look cheap. It looks as if it is real. And it is absolutly perfect and exactly what I am looking for. <end>  Love it!  I bought this as a cute Christmas gift for my mom. The necklace is very pretty and the box is cute. The necklace was shipped and 2 days later I had it. I am happy with the product! <end>  I have seen this item in person a few times...  I've seen it several places, and it is absolutely beautiful. The places I have seen it at have been insanely expensive (due to the real Austrian Crystals) so I would recommend this to anyone looking for a gorgeous item for their mother, daughter, wife, mother in law, etc... especially here, as it's a lot cheaper than anywhere I've seen it personally, AND gift wrapped/boxed? (Definately a great buy!)A great deal for a beautiful item for a loved one that will be cherished for generations. <end>  Mom Forever Necklace  Necklace is great and comes in the box as shown. The quality is great, very fast shipping. I rated it 4 only because the chain ranges from 16&#34; - 18&#34; with or without extenders. I highly recommend this product to anyone. <end>  Beautiful  For the price, this necklace is breathtaking to look at. I can't wait until my mom opens this on christmas morning because after our house got flooded she has glued this family back together and she deserves a beautiful necklace! My grandmother said that my mom would cry when she saw it so i cant wait! <end>  Great present for Mom - what a value!  My husband and I bought this for his mother's birthday a few weeks ago, and she was absolutely over the moon with it. She lives in Florida and we're in New York, so like other posters, I had to rely on the reviews. They did not disappoint! I would recommend this gift for any mother for a birthday, holiday or Mother's day gift. Great value with a great presentation! <end>  Very pleased  I ordered this product for my mom's birthday, I knew I wouldn't be in town the actual day of her birthday but I was hoping this would be delivered by the time I was hope on the weekend, not only did this product come within a resonable time it also is good quality and looks great. My mom was very pleased and for the price so was I. I would recommend this for anyone looking to give their mom a special gift. <end>  Mom loves it, but a tad bit too short  When my mom opened up the case, it was fantastic. She absolutely loved the gift, and that really is all that matters. The only thing I can say, is that the chain is a tad bit too short for my mom's neck size.. But that can be easily fixed with an extender. Overall an awesome product for mom. <end>  As advertised. My Mom loved it!  As advertised. My Mom loved it! I didn't see it myself, but she sent me a picture of it and it looked nice and shiny. <end>  Looks good  It is kind of expensive for its quality.For less money I bought this and liked it more "Mother I Cherish You" Heartwarming 8x10 Qoutes/poem, Double-matted in Ruby Red/white and Enhanced with Flower Artwork. <end>  Cheap chain  I got this from my son for Christmas. I did love how it looked and the message that went along with it. The message did make me tear up too. However, now I must go out and buy an new chain for it because I would rather do that then go through the hassel of exchanging it. <end>  Compliment attractor  I am still receiving many compliments on this item. Not any on the matching bracelet but a lot on this item. <end>  It broke  Very Breakable, the chain broke in 2 days of my wife wearing it, company would not replace upon many attempts to contact <end>  Pleased With MOM Cyrstal Infinity Necklace  It was very easy to send this product to my Mom for Mother's Day. She was very happy with the product. Plus, it was nice that it came with a poem since I was unable to send a card with it. I would recommend this as a perfect gift for Mother's Day or to a new Mom. <end>  No problems  The necklace was a birthday gift for my mother and she was pleased with it. It was nicely gift-boxed and shipped quickly. <end>  Great Mother's Day Gift  Gave this to my daughter-in-law. This is her lst Mother's Day. She truly enjoyed it. <end>  Perfect Gift For Your Mother  Comes in a great gift box and the actual necklace is very beautiful. The crystals are excellent and my Mother loved it. Perfect for Mother's Day and such occasions as Easter. An excellent gift! <end>  Worth it.  I bought this for my Mom as one of her x-mas gifts and she loved it! It was very pretty and shiny. The only thing I found wrong was it broke her out after a few times of wear. But all in all it's a nice piece of costume jewelery to wear for the evening, as long as it's taken off at night. <end>  VERY nice necklace  This necklace came to me in a very nice box that looked like it was gift wrapped. When I opened it, I was in awe at the beauty of the necklace. Very much worth the money. Great gift for any mother!!! <end>  My Mom LOVES this pendant and necklace!  I bought this for my Mom for Mother's Day. She lives 700 miles away and so I had to trust the reviews and hope she liked it. SHE LOVES IT! She called me when she received the package completely estatic! She still proudly wears my gift. I kinda felt ashamed for buying my Mom a cheap gift but times were hard and money was tight. Thankfully, the necklace does not look cheap or cheesy at all. I don't think she realizes how inexpensive it was either! ..... PRICELESS!..... <end>  My Mom loved it!  The presentation was perfect and it did not look cheap. My Mom loved the box and wears the necklace all the time - worth every cent! <end>  Mom Forever Necklace  Very nice item. Although the price is cheap, the necklace looks to be from a fine jewelry store. Highly RecommendMOM Forever Crystal Infinity Circle Necklace - Gift Boxed <end>  Nice Gift for Mom's  This Necklace includes an adjustable chain, and for the price it really looks nice. I purchased two for my mom and wife as sort of a stocking stuffer for mothers day and both were very happy, and wore them proudly.Nice item. <end>  great gift  my mom loved this! i got it for her for mother's day, and she wore it for the week after, telling all her friends and co-workers about it. great mother's day gift! <end>  MOM necklace is lovely!  I bought this for my Mother for Mother's Day. She is 93 and has a lot of very nice, expensive jewelry. She absolutely loves this and wears it to church every Sunday. It looks much more expensive than it is. You can't go wrong! <end>  Beautiful and inexpensive  I was given this necklace by my daughter via my husband. It is very sparkly, but the chain gives me some trouble. However, I do enjoy the pendant. I have a very active 2 year old that likes to play with my "pretties." She has broken several other pieces of jewelry and I enjoy the notion that this was less expensive and can handle a bit more abuse. I have received many compliments and no one realizes that it says mom until closer inspection. I gave this 4 stars only because of the chain being a bit cheaper. I love the pendant. <end>  Mom really like it  )  My mom really like it, and the necklace looks really good in this great gift box.hmmm maybe the chain must be some more longer but it is ok as it. <end>  Great gift for any budget!  I purchased this necklace for my mother-in-law for christmas and she seemed to really like it. I don't think the necklace looks cheap like the price but the box is kind of cheesy... <end>  Good product good price.  My item arrived just in time. The necklace was very pretty, I bought it for my mother on mothers day, she loved it! <end>  necklace is beautiful  i had this item under my wishlist&my friend got it 4me however necklace is very pretty the nice looking gift box it comes in was ruined due to the way it was packed which sucks when im wanting to give this to my mother im not wanting to give her what use to be a pretty box to a destroyed broken giftbox=[ <end>  Mom loved it  I am 23 and I bought this for my mom last christmas, she cried when she opened it. She wears it often. To others, and even to her at first, it appears just to be a trendy circle necklace. Once pointed out that it says mom all the way around, the usual reaction is "aaaawwww, that's so sweet" It's a great price and a great way to tell mom you love her. <end>  MOM forever  I loved the necklace but after having it for just a couple weeks the color started coming off! It looks dull in color now. <end>  Pretty necklace  SHORT chain....  This necklace is darling but the chain is extremely short. I placed it on my 6 year old's neck to get an exact idea about the length because it was choking me. It looked like it was made for a child lengthwise after seeing it on my own child. I had to take the necklace apart and add another extender to the other side of it so I could wear it comfortably. <end>  very pleased  this was a gift for my mom for her birthday and she loved it...she told me the box was soo nice and the necklace was breathtaking....the delivery was soo fast and as was the processing time as well...I was very pleased and was happy at the price as well...very happy customer <end>  Beautiful Necklace  I received it in only 3 days and upon opening it was very happy. perfect condition and very pretty.  ) <end>  Great gift  My mom really likes this necklace and it's very pretty, but the chain it comes on snags. I've caught her struggling to fix her necklace several times. The pendant clings to the necklace a will wind up on her collar bone. She has to slowly pull it back down over the chain to center it. It really needs a better chain. But the pendant is nice. <end>  My mom's idea  Since I'm only a girl, I'm writing my mom's opinon. "I think it is very beautiful and sweet." she said. Well that's all she said. So take my opinon, "The "mom"'s around the circle with crystal "o"s, and the silver "M"s give beauty in a mother's point of veiw. With the poem inside of the seemingly bow wrapped box helps bring tears to her eyes. The necklace shows elagance in a motherly way, that push the the pleased love tears down her cheaks, and causing her to hug her child or children in a mother tight squeeze." I say. I'm a ten year old girl who's purchased this necklace for my mother and had these resultes on mother's day. <end>  Bling Bling!  Fast shipping and the item is beautiful. You can't beat the price for this MOM Forever Crystal Infinity Circle Necklace - Gift Boxed. <end>  Make Mom feel special  I saw this necklace at a little gift shop in our town, but when I went back for it a few days later, it was gone. I looked all over online, and this was the only place I found it - and for a great price! I made my new mother-in-law feel very special. She wears it every day - it goes with everything! <end>
 B000PHHEE8  Loving Family&reg Large Sterling Silver Pendant with Extender - Parents and 3 Children ||	  Perfect Mother's Day Gift  My mother isn't much for jewlery, but she LOVED this pendant. It is a beautiful smooth design. This is a welcome change from all the Mother's Day gifts out there that look cheap and tacky. <end>  Family Matters  I ordered this pendant for myself and was very pleased with it. It is lovely - the design is fluid and graceful. The weight is substantial, yet not overpowering for almost any necklace. I would suggest this as a gift for anyone who is observing a special occasion or for those who need solace during a loss of loved one. <end>  Perfect gift  I gave this pendant to my wife for Valentine's day this year and she was very happy. In fact, she was more than very happy! The product is of great quality and the company is doing a great job at customer satisfaction. I don't think you can go wrong with this gift. <end>  Great gift for mom!  My mother is nearly impossible to shop for...she has everything and does very little in the way of hobbies (reading, gardening, etc.) This was an instant hit. I just hope I can come up with something for next year! <end>
 B000PHJ9WS  Loving Family&reg Sterling Silver Large Pendant with Extender - Parents and Two Children ||	  Beautiful pendant!!  This was my Christmas gift to myself, and it is beautiful.My only issue is that the chain is wrong for this necklace. It is very flimsy and hangs completely wrong. So, you will need another chain.Also- this pendant is BIG. In comparison, it is about the size of a robins egg- or just a little bigger than that. The smaller one would be more sedate and appropriate for everyday wear. <end>  Perfect gift for a mother of two!  I purchased this for my wife to replace one that was lost on a family trip to a theme park. The size and weight are substantial. This is NOT some cheap stamped piece of silver. My wife gets compliments on it every time she wears it. They make them in different configurations, for the number f children or with one or two parents.I highly recommend this as a gift to a wife or mother. You and they will be highly pleased! <end>  Loving Family  The Large Loving Family was larger than I expected so I exchanged it for the smaller one. Returning it was an extremely easy process and the replacement was shipped right away. I absolutely love my new charm. The only thing I didn't like about it was the chain. I used one of my old ones. <end>  GREAT GIFT FOR NEW MOM  THIS WAS A GIFT TO OUR DAUGHTER IN LAW AFTER OUR 2ND GRANDDAUGHTER WAS BORN. SHE WEARS IT DAILY. BEAUTIFUL PICE. <end>
 B000PI3WLG  Ste Silver Multicolor CZ Journey Heart Pendant with 18" Chain ||	  Very pretty great quality for the price  I purchased this as a gift for my niece, and was very pleased with the design and the quality. Very pretty and feminine, nice workmanship and a nice chain. The colors of the cz's might be a bit brighter than shown, but otherwise it's pretty much what you see. The only concern I had was with priority shipping. When I purchased the item, the seller's comments guaranteed delivery before Christmas. I didn't receive a shipment confirmation from the seller (Netoya), but what I did receive was warnings from Amazon that the item might not arrive before Christmas. I never received a reply from the seller after requesting assurance about shipping. Ultimately, the package arrived in plenty of time -- just as originally promised, and all was well. So, customer service might be iffy, but the product is nice. <end>
 B000PI99AO  Certified Diamond (Round, Ideal cut, 0.88 carats, E color, VVS1 clarity) ||	  I was worried about ordering a diamond online...  but the satisfaction guarantee gave me enough time to have it appraised. I was very happy with the result. The diamond came exactly as described and appraised for more than I paid. The documentation that arrived with the stone is very throrough. I'll never purchase another engagement ring again, but if I ever buy diamonds again, I would certainly consider amazon again. <end>
 B000PICGRC  #1 MOM Silver Pendant Necklace ||	  nice costume jewlry  this was accully a lot better looking then i figured it would be and it's held up for my mom so far for $2.00 can't beat it <end>  Lousy product  DONT BUY THIS THING. IT RUSTED AND IS WEAK AND THE ONLY GOOD THING IS THAT IT LOOKED GOOD ON THE FIRST DAY. I was so disappointed it looks cheap and is not worth the money. I gave the one star because it has the word MOM in it.Dont buy. PLEASE I BEG YOU <end>  #1  I bought this necklace for my mother for an early birthday present and mom was absolutely astonished, it was beautiful and fitted her perfectly <end>  For Mother  I bought this for my mol and she loves it. It it not cheap, and the chain feels real. I am amazed woth the product and the price together. <end>  I got this for my mom for her birthday  she loved it, and it arrived promptly. I was unsure about buying something and having it shipped straight to my mom because i wasn't sure it would be as simple as it seemed but i was happy to find out that it had gotten to its destination without any problems. <end>
 B000PK4GKU  14K Yellow Gold Cable Chain - 24 inches ||	  Very fine chain  Chain is very fine, to the point that I first wondered if it was strong enough to safely hold my pendant. Catch is also very tiny. <end>
 B000PK4NTE  14K White Gold Sparkle Singapore Chain - 20 inches ||	  Sparkly!  My husband got me this chain for Christmas, and I love it! The twist in the chain gives it a very sparkly look as light moves across it. The 20" length is perfect for showing off a pendant. It's also quite strong and the clasp is secure. <end>
 B000PK4O3Y  14K Yellow Gold Box Chain - 24 inches ||	  Great review  I got a beautiful 14k yellow gold box chain at a very reasonable price and I just love it. I would deal with this company again. <end>
 B000PK4OEI  14K Two Tone Gold Reversible Omega Chain - 16 inches ||	  very strange  in the name is says 16 inches, but if you read explanatory part in says 18 inches, also it never indicate width, and the weight one point something is too small for 16/18 inches chain. i really like it, but all this smells funny. it is also says than creation method - natural, but it is can be only about stones... as i said - smells funny... you would think about something that expensive they will write carefully... <end>
 B000PKJZ5Q  Mother of Pearl & Silver Tone Etched Metal Stretch Bracelet ||	  Lovely piece  I bought this as a Mother's Day gift, and as always I was nervous that it wouldn't turn out nearly as nice as the picture, but when it arrived, it was beautiful. My mom loves it. The colored links shift between bluish and greenish hues, depending on what she's wearing it with. Recommended! <end>
 B000PKJZ9M  Bridal Crystal Chandelier Clip Earrings ||	  The earring kept slipping off  These earrings looked very nice once I received them. They were a gift for my grandmother and she loved them. Unfortunately when she wore them to an event they kept coming off. The clip just were not tight enough or something so she ended up taking them off to keep from losing them. <end>  Wore these at my wedding  These fit very comfortably without being too tight. I have worn tight clipons before, or ones that didn't have a rounded edge that hurt like a dickens. So I appreciated that these were comfortable. They look like they are from India, which is great, because I was wearing a saree!Minus one star because one fell off during my first dance! But to their credit, the one that fell off didn't break or get damaged in any way. I will wear them keeping in mind that I could lose one at any time. <end>
 B000PKJZP6  1928 Bridal Pink Porcelain Rose and Simulated Pearl Necklace ||	  Chintzy  Expected a little better quality. The quality is like something cheap you'd get in the dime store. <end>  nice necklace  The necklace was as pictured and I received it on time. I got the matching earring as well and like them both. <end>
 B000PKJZQA  1928 Jewelry Blaze Siam Tone Tri-Sparkle Drop Earrings ||	  Beautiful  I love these earrings, they're beautiful. They arrived with one of the stones missing, and after communicating with the company they sent a SASE and I sent them back to be repaired/replaced. I am waiting for them to come back in the mail... <end>
 B000PKJZUG  Scalloped Filigree Oval Hoop Earrings ||	  pretty earrings  These earrings are very pretty and look great. They are heavy though. The first couple of times that I wore them, I had to take them out after a few hours because they were too much for my sensitive ears. I can now wear them for my full day at work, but I still only wear them about once a week to give my ears a break. <end>
 B000PKLZ8Q  Tzarina Silver-tone Crystal Flower Clip-on Earrings ||	  Very pretty!  I bought these for my wedding. I had a hard time finding any decent clip-on earrings but these are beautiful and look more expensive than they are. I didn't end up wearing these as I found some dangly ones somewhere else, but I'm still glad I got these as I will get more use out of them. They are a little bigger than I thought they were, and a bit heavy for wearing for long periods, but then I'm not used to wearing earrings either. <end>
 B000PKLZ9K  1928 Jewelry Brass Tone Simulated Plastic Pearl Mini Chandelier Earrings ||	  Very Dainty and Pretty  I saw a similar chandelier earring at a store and was shocked at the price. This pair from 1928 is not only well made, but gorgeous! It is stunning and has just the right amount of sparkle. It would look great with hair down or up. They are not overbearing at all and very light weight. I'm glad I ordered them because they look vintage and look terrific with jeans or dresses. <end>  Very Versatile  I was delighted with this purchase. These are beautiful, and can be used for dressier or more casual wear. The color is neutral enough that they'll match with quite a few shades. The quality is good, they're comfortable enough for all-day use, and they're a good size. Not too large or too small. The photo is nice, but these are even prettier in person. <end>  Very pretty and light earrings!  I'm very picky about earrings and I hardly likes any, but I really like these! They look very pretty and they are very light. They have a lighter color in reality, they look much nicer than in the picture I think. <end>  Pretty Earrings  These earrings are very pretty, actually look nicer than the pictures. However, they are smaller than expected but perfect if you wear your hair up. <end>  Wedding jewelry  I didn't wear these for my wedding - they were the &#34;stand in&#34; earrings if the real ones didn't arrive in time - but they are magnificent. I love them and have worn them several times now SINCE my wedding...just over a week ago. Buy these. they are pretty. <end>  Beautiful  I just LOVE everything I have purchased from 1928 Jewelry. Everything is of a great quality, arrives in a timely manner and is packaged well.These were a little smaller than expected, but I many not have read the full description for them. <end>  Beautiful Sparkly Antique Looking Earrings  These earrings are gorgeous! I love that they have an antique-y, steam punkish look. They have quite a sparkle to them. The online picture really doesn't even begin to do them justice. <end>  absolutely love them  I HAD LOST ONE OF THESE YEARS AGO AND COULDN'T FIND THEM AGAIN, AND WHEN I SAW THEM ON AMAZON, I WAS THRILLED!! MANY MANY COMPLIMENTS. <end>  Small, but great quality  These earrings are smaller than one would think just by looking at them in a photo. However, they don't look too small when worn. Another reviewer described them as dainty and I think that's a great way to describe them. They have a great level of quality for the price and they are quite pretty. <end>
 B000PKNETO  Bridal Triple Strand Simulated Pearl Siam Color Stretch Bracelet ||	  Pretty Pearls  The simulated pearls have a nice sheen to them. The rhinestones are red with no hint of orange or brown. Looks more expensive than it is. It fits loosely on my six inch wrist, so I'm guessing it's seven inches. 20mm or 3/4" wide. <end>
 B000PKNF9S  1928 Jewelry Brass-Tone Vintage-Inspired Crystal Butterfly Necklace ||	  1928 Brass-Tone Necklace  I received this necklace tangled and it took me 30 minutes to untangle it. The acutual necklace feels harsh against the skin. I know...you get what you paid for but the picture looks so different than the real necklace. <end>  Looks like a million. The nicest costume jewelry ener  I am impressed how handsome this appears. I have so many pleasing comments. I highly recommend this item. Happy Holidays. <end>
 B000PKNFGQ  Blaze Siam Tone Fringed Flower Necklace ||	  Really Beautiful  I've worn 1928 Jewelry for many years. I've never gotten anything that I haven't loved. I still have and wear the necklaces and barretts that I got more than 30 years ago, so I know the stuff holds up. This necklace is especially pretty. It hangs really nicely on the neck and looks a lot more expensive than it is. The price is great for what you get. I'm so happy to see them on Amazon.com <end>
 B000PKPCHG  1928 Jewelry Gold Shell and Pearl Drop Earrings ||	  Good earrings  These earrings are definitely a bit "cheap" in terms of manufacturing and materials. One of the stalks had a kink in it. But, you can't see that when you're wearing the earrings, and the price was right. <end>  Gorgeous earrings!  These look even better than the picture. They are elegant and go well with a nice strand of pearls. Love them! <end>  So perfect!  These earrings are so light and affordable. Love to wear them. May have to try and get another pair for my sister! <end>  have to have  Gold Shell&pearl drop earrings is a "BINGO",every time I wear it friends compliment on them.Nice size,good work,look like real gold and intresting disign. <end>  delicious earring  In French please.Ces boucles sont tr&egrave;s belles et tr&egrave;s fines. Je les adoreMerci <end>
 B000PKPD0M  1928 Bridal Vintage-Inspired Style Crystal Chandelier Earrings ||	  Just what I was looking for!  I searched for a long time to find vintage-style chandelier earrings to wear for my wedding, and these were perfect. They are good quality and beautiful, and someone even asked me if they were "heirloom jewelry!" I was very happy with my purchase and they were more than worth the price I paid for them. Also, I have worn them many times since. I highly recommend them. <end>  Gorgeous!  [Brian's Girlfriend Speaking!] These have become my default earrings (I'm a silver person, despite the current trend to wear gold!) They are pretty versatile, and I get compliments on them every time I wear them. Only annoying thing about them is that the hook is static, so if you're lying down it's easier for it to poke you in the head, unless you shift it. <end>
 B000PM098G  14K Gold 8" Inspirational "God Grant Me Strength" Bangle Bracelet ||	  cute but poor quality  When I recieved this bangle is was already bent in two places. It is tooooo thin and not $99.98 worth of gold. I returned it for a refund. <end>
 B000PNTGYI  Clearly Charming Gold Heart with Stone Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  clearly charming  I was surprised at the quality of this product. The charm is really clear and good quality. I have ordered from this company and I am always pleased with the quality and speed that the orders arrive. <end>  Gift for my mom  Perfect gift for my mom to remember who son who passed her heart with a piece reserved just for him (the diamond stone). She loves it. <end>
 B000PNZWGY  Army National Guard Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  so small I can't make out the image  I'd forgotten the charm was in my shopping cart, and was processed with other items I purchased. The charm is so small I can't even make out the image! <end>
 B000POHIK6  Small Sterling Silver 7mm Celtic Knot Emblem Signet Band Ring(Sizes 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Beautiful, but...  I loved the ring. It's beautiful, but after wearing it for only a few hours I got a nice green ring around my finger...making me feel like it's not really sterling silver. I'd hesitate to buy again. <end>  Ring size  I recived the ring with no problems, but was disappionted with the actual size of the Knot emblem. Would have liked it a bit bigger. <end>  Beautiful, solid, and delicate  After some super fast shipping from the seller, I was overjoyed to get this beautiful ring in the mail this morning. I absolutely love it! It's beautiful but feels solid enough to be worn everyday. <end>  great all the way  I was looking for a second ring for my right hand to not take away from the larger statement rings that I wear and this is perfect. It is almost like a band but it has enough to make it not. I love it it was just what I was looking for!!! <end>  Celtic ring  I liked this Celtic Ring, but then I almost like all Celtic jewerly. This ring is different and I wear it all the time. I find it calming. <end>
 B000PQX9AC  Clearly Charming Monkey Smiling Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  Sock Monkey  Love these lil' charms!!! I got an Italian charm bracelet for my 11 year old daughter for Christmas. I didn't load it up completely with charms, knowing that future opportunities would allow me to purchase more for special occasions... Recently, I surprised her with new charms for good grades. <end>  Adorable Item - A Little Pricey  This item was a great product. The shipper sent it quickly. I found it later however on a different website for less money and wish I would have shopped around a little more first. <end>  Great  I could not believe how fast I recieved this item. I order it on a Wednesday and by that Firday I had it in my hand . The product is well made and for the price you can't go wrong . It is a christmas gift and it will be loved so Thank You very much <end>  Those Endearing Young Charms  When I got my first charm bracelet I was already a grown man. Yes, as a boy I had owned one or two charms--lucky amulets to protect me from the evil spirits known to haunt my childhood home in Smithtown (Long Island)--but I was too bashful to wear them on a bracelet, fearing taunts from bullies, fearing being considered a "sissy." So I kept my charms under my pillow, and when others found them I pretended I was hoarding them to give to an unspecified "girlfriend." Let's see, I had an angel, a piano, and a--what do you call those things graduates wear on their heads? Graduation caps? I also had a pewter rabbit, so cute, with onyxes for eyes and whiskers made out of actual rabbit whiskers. I acquired them by stealth, trading them for marbles, took the SAT exams for others, and one, I'm ashamed to say, I took off the bracelet of a girl I knew who had passed away tragically of the mastoid.Boyish daydreams die hard, but by the time I was thirty I had utterly forgotten that I had wanted a charm bracelet my entire life. Isn't that funny how things work? Then a close friend and mentor showed me her Italian charm bracelet and all of a sudden, I was hooked again. There's a new, Italian way of doing these things, sharp and chic as a tattoo on Asia Argento's pelvis. These new Italian charm bracelets click right into each other, link by link, with the visionary synthesis of Ettore Sottsass (who pioneered these bracelets in the 1960s). See this cute charm of a smiling monkey? It protects me from the swirling influences of those jealous of my accomplishments as a literary author, as well as being the one I go to for a quick injection of cheer. Just as many who own GPS devices in their automobiles wind up naming the spirited female voice calculating their route for them, so I have named my little monkey."Sam," in case you're curious. The bracelet I wear on my right wrist has twenty links, most of them animals, but also licensed Disney characters such as Mickey Mouse, Winnie the Pooh, Snow White, and more. Other licensed charms include Red Hat Society, Elvis, Beatles, Barbie, Coca Cola, Madeline, Garfield, Hello Kitty, Betty Boop, Peanuts, Archie Comics, and sports. And "Phantom of the Opera." <end>
 B000PQZ4VE  Clearly Charming Koala Bear Italian Charm Bracelet Link ||	  never received  I never recieved this item as the shipper "claims" item was returned undeliverable and still charged the 2.50 shipping cost on a 3.99 item?? I wote Clearly charming with my disatisfaction and was still charged. Buy your charms somwewhere else. My rating for clearly UN Charming is Zero Stars <end>
 B000PSPE7G  Sterling Silver Genuine Emerald Stone 4mm round circle stud Earrings ||	  ...cheap looking...  The earrings are quite cheap looking, emeralds are completely dull, unlike the internet photo. However, shipping was fast and accurate. <end>
 B000PSXR0W  1.2ct Sterling Silver Square CZ Stud Earrings 5mm ||	  diamond stud  This is a great product for the price I paid. The stud earrings arrived on the date of the estimated delivery. When I saw them they were beautiful. I ordered these as a gift for a dear friend and she loves them and wears them everyday. <end>  Nice stud earrings  These look wonderful, especially if you have a second piercing as they're not too large and look just right. Well made and sharp looking! <end>  these are great  these earrings are great not too big and not too small they look real due to their size only bad part is they fall out very easily if they didnt they would have gotten a 5 star rating <end>  1.2 ct sterling silver earrings  I didnt really know what to expect when I bought these. They really are super cute! I love princess "square" cuts. When I saw these I had to have them. Not a bad price either! I'm sure my daughter will be stealing them from my jewerly box. I would love a smaller pair as well. Would deff recommend! <end>  Nice  They were nice. They were different because of the square shape. I gave them to a co-worker so I dont know how they hold up <end>  as advertised  These Sterling silver square earrings were as advertised. Price was good as well. Overall, i was pleased with this product. <end>  Cute and stylish  It goes well with almost all of my clothes. I like it's form and cut. It looks not little and not big. I think, I made right choice) <end>
 B000PTDKTY  BDPS012 Sterling Silver Cute Animal Charm Fox Pendant ||	  Wonderful  This charm was exactly what I was looking for. Just the right size and good quality  depending on what cord/chain you pair with it can be perfect for both men and women. <end>  Very Nice  It was very nice and shiny. Excellent quality and no defects. A little small than I thought, but it certainly looks good. <end>  A beautiful piece  This necklace is one of my girlfriend's new favorite pieces of jewelry. It looks amazing. The pink is actually a bit see-through and it makes for an interesting look. Great! Totally recommend. <end>
 B000PU6ZRC  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Sapphire 5x3mm Oval Stud Earrings ||	  Nice  These earrings are very nice, although the sapphires are very dark. These are better looking than the ruby one's offered by [...]. <end>
 B000PUDLC4  14K Yellow Gold Classic 4 Prong Moissanite Studs (1.50 cttw equivalent) ||	  literally breathtaking!  I have had real diamonds and everything in between. These moissanite earrings have more fire and sparkle than my real diamonds - literally took my breath away when I opened the box! In the past, the CZ studs I have had, got scuffed & scratched and lost that initial sparkle after a few weeks. These moissanite studs, have kept every bit of brilliance as they did when I first opened them. The 1.5 carat size I was concerned might be too big and look fake because of the size, but they are actually the perfect size. Don't hesitate to buy them - they are a great deal. With moissanite, who needs real diamonds? <end>
 B000PUOQX2  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1  10g, Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  love these!  I have several different gauges of these plugs. They are very comfortable and work great if you have an employer whining about their disdane for piercings. Shut's them up, as these plugs are not very noticable. You can also &#34;pierce&#34; these with a regular size earring as well. <end>
 B000PUTIV2  One Silicone Hider Plug Version 1.5  1/2", Wearable Length  5/16" (SOLD INDIVIDUALLY. ORDER TWO FOR A PAIR.) ||	  I LOVE THESE THINGS!  I work in a professional setting, yet have 1/2" holes in my ears.These things don't hide my stretched earlobes, but they DO minimize their obvious presence. If you're not looking for them, you'd never be distracted by them. On my days off from work, I can easily switch to any piece of jewelry I own, but when I'm on the timeclock, these plugs do the job just fine. I'm glad I have them. <end>  awesome product  To be honest, at this price I sort of thought these would be a little on the cheap side or with some sort of defect. But no  ) These plugs are comfortable, and perfect for my workplace. My boss is okay with us having jewelry up to 5/8" in, but that doesn't mean clients won't focus on our ears instead of what we're telling them. Recommending these to a few friends, as I am more than pleased with my purchase.Also, received my item way before it was quoted to get here, awesome seller! <end>  silicone hider plug  Love these plugs.. perfect for job interviews or work.. seller sent item really fast I received mine in no time. <end>  One Word.. Amazing!  My boss was getting sick of my white plugs, and he told me to either let them close up, or I would be fired. So I purchased these and told him that they closed up. He didn't even notice them! These plugs are amazing! <end>
 B000PWGUKM  Sterling Silver Stiletto Shoe and Jingle Ball Anklet ||	  Love it!  This jingle anklet is really very nice. I have small feet, so I was apprehensive whether the chain will be too long.. but it was just the right size, and it jingles so softly and beautifully! I love the stilettos design as well..  ) Right after writing this review, I am going to buy another one for my other feet..By the way, though it was said that it may be delivered in 3 to 5 days, it was delivered within 2 days to my astonishment. So, many thanks to the seller! <end>
 B000PWLUJS  Sterling Silver 6x4 Oval Fiery Created Blue Opal Stud Earrings ||	  looks nice  I don't use it because somehow my ears become very inflamed and swelled after using this earrings. Though it could be my personal allergy. <end>  Lovely!  I got these earrings to match a ring that I recently bought at an artshow. They are lovely earrings that have a beautiful color to them. I use these as my everyday earrings...they go with everything and are simple & elegrant....I would love a mathcing bracelet to match! <end>  Dazzling Color  I ordered these earring's as a birthday gift for my mom, and was very happy with the color, style, and shape. The product shipped relativly quick. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was for the size (smaller than I anticipated) and the packaging. They came in an ugly little velvet bag with silver speck written across it. I would buy a box for them if they are a gift. Otherwise good quality. <end>  Caution on the color  I don't actually know how well these are going to hold up. They were a gift. However, when I got them1) they just came in a bag. No earrings backing, which I found strange.2) The color is more green than the picture. I was expecting a nice, calm blue. No. More of a bright blue with specks of green and yellow.However, they were very pretty nonetheless. Just realize the picture wasn't exactly what we got. <end>  So blue and can't believe for this price!  For 7.99, you are getting sterling silver and real Opal stones? Woah...this is a deal...only reason I put four is because I wish it came in a gift box <end>  Beautiful earrings, beautiful price.  These earrings are clearish-blue. The inclusions remind me of glitter. Nicely set. Looking forward to wearing them! <end>
 B000PWZSXM  Sterling Silver Irish Celtic Trinity Knot Pendant W/18" Chain Necklace ||	  Nice pendant, but poor quality chain  I'm very pleased with the pendant. It's good quality and a nice size. I get compliments every time I wear it. My complaint is that the chain broke the first time I wore the necklace. I contacted the company several weeks ago and have been unable to get a response from them. <end>  Simply Lovely  This necklace and pendant set is a great find. The chain is good looking and strong. The pendant is well fashioned and quite attractive. I've gotten many compliments on this. <end>  Very Beautiful  This is a lovely necklace. The pendant is just the right size (not too large nor too small), the detail is perfect, and the silver is high quality. This is simply beautiful. If you or someone special in your life is into Celtic art or simply a fan of the "Charmed" series, buy this necklace. You won't regret it. <end>  cheap chain  The charm is great i love this charm.. the chain is very cheap though it broke within the first few days.. i did nothing to it just had it around my neck and it just snapped.. dont know why..but the charm is definately worth it.. just be aware that you may be buying a new chain shortly after.. <end>  Very pretty celtic jewlery  Very nice pendant, I bought it for myself when I saw it featured on Amazon. The pendant is even a bit bigger than I had thought it would be and a very shiny silver. The chain looks well made to me and is just the right lenght and it looks goregeous on my neck.My husband will probably make fun of me when he sees me wearing it since all he can associate the triquetra with is the tv show Charmed, (as if the tv show itself invented this symbol) but oh well. I love celtic jewlery so this is perfect for me. <end>  Perfect Gift  I bought this for my best friend as a birthday gift last year and she wears it almost every day. <end>  attention getter  I prefer silver or white gold jewelry, so this necklace was quite a find for me. It's a quality product for a very good price and it arrived very quickly. Everytime I wear it people ask me about it or compliment it. I would prefer that the chain either be a little shorter or a little longer, but that's probably just a personality quirk. ;) Also, it's a little dark in the crevices, but most people probably wouldn't even notice. I would buy it again though, no question. <end>  Bought it Twice  I loved it so much, I bought it again when I lost the first one. <end>  Great Gift  The pendant is very nice. The only problem is that the 18 inch necklace is too short for a normal, adult woman. <end>
 B000PX6VK0  Hammered Copper Bangle ||	  copper bangle  I really like the bracelet, I am some what dissapointed with the earrings. Cay's Corner <end>
 B000PXY9LI  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Created Fiery Blue Opal 6mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  Luck of the draw...  The colours of this stone are absolutely enchanting. I've always loved opals. They're a nice size for a lobe piercing. I found these earrings to be agreeable in appearance. Unfortunately, I have to say beware if you have sensitive skin. Something in the make up of this set set off an allergic reaction to my second ear piercing that I put them in. I've had them for 10+ years. Oh well. I'll save them to give as a present after I have them cleaned. Luck of the draw, I guess. <end>
 B000PY00J2  18K Gold Over Sterling Silver CZ 6mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  ok  Metal plating is uneven, stones are well set. Not my favorite studs, but probably good for a tween or teen. <end>
 B000PY5C6S  18K Gold over Sterling Silver Created Fiery Pink Opal 6mm Round Stud Earrings ||	  NOT VERY GOOD  WHEN I RECEIVED IT AND GOT IT OUT OF THE PACKAGE ONE OF THEM BROKE WHEN GETTING IT OUT SO I HAVE ONE GOOD ONE AND ONE BAD ONE... <end>
 B000PYJHB4  Glass Beads Red Multi-Strand Necklace "Third Time's the Charm Multi-Strand Necklace [Red]" ||	  good multi-purpose necklace  The necklace was just what I wanted. The only concern I have with it is that the wrapping has come a little undone and I might have to eventually fix it but other than that it is a great multi-purpose necklace. <end>
 B000PYJHWS  Glass and Seed Beads Orange Multi-Strand "Colors of the Rainbow Multi-Strand [Orange/Red]" ||	  Good Gift  I bought this for a friend's birthday. She liked it very much and wore the necklace immediately. It looked very much like the photo on the website.The only complaint was it shipped days later than was quoted for shipping. <end>
 B000PYJKJS  Beads and Wire Burgundy Cuff-Translucent Beads "Beaded Bangle Cuff [Translucent Beads - Bur... ||	  Very cute, white stripes add interest  These cuffs are everywhere right now - even my local Target. However, most are single color - I really like the variation in beads used in this bracelet. The color is an orange-red with different colors of red and orange beads used in stripes (hard to see in the picture). It is well worth the price. I have very, very small bony little wrists and this bracelet was not overwhelming on me (although not like a cuff, pretty loose) - however as it is open in the back, could easily fit someone with very large wrists. I did order another cuff (from the same company, and it was really big, so there may be some individual variation due to the hand-made nature of this product).Bottom line  I LOVE IT! <end>
 B000PYKSUS  Mother of Pearl Shell and Beads Beige Multi-Strand Necklace-Round Shell "Knock Out Necklace... ||	  Beautiful necklace, great company  Necklace arrived extremely quickly. The workmanship is excellent and it is more beautiful than shown on the site.The company promotes fair trade and came with a tag telling who made the necklace and a bit about the artist.Highly recommended. <end>
 B000PYKU06  Glass Beads Red Multi-Strand Necklace "Bead on a Wire Multi-Strand Necklace [Red]" ||	  Plasticy looking beads  This necklace would have been very nice if not for the quality of the beads. The description calls them "glass", but they are very obviously plastic - they give off a purplish/iridescence in any light. I probably wouldn't have bought them had I known - I have attached some pictures to illustrate. Everything else about it is nice though - I like the wire used, adjustableness, and the dangling bead on the back (nice touch). <end>
 B000PYKVX2  Glass Beads Red Bracelet-Tight Weave "Color Me Fair Bracelet [Tight Weave - Red]" ||	  Red bracelet  The bracelet was too small for me to wear, but I don't plan to return it - I will give to one of my grandchildren. <end>
 B000PYKW04  Beads and Wire Blue Cuff "Beaded Bangle Cuff [Blue]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  I love it  The colors are great, it can be worn at the wrist or stretched up the arm. It's a fun accessory that goes with almost anything. <end>
 B000PYKW7W  Wood Bracelet "Bead Delighted Bracelet" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  I love it.  Good quality, feels and looks good. Thanks to robber band it`s easy to put on. I should just order more, in case I`ll lose it. <end>
 B000PYKWHC  Wood Beads Brown Cuff "Off the Cuff Cuff [Brown]" -Fair Trade Gifts ||	  Pretty and Comfortable Bracelet  I just received this bracelet in the mail and I really like it. I bought it for a vacation I'm taking and I can't wait to wear it. It looks just like the picture and it's pretty comfortable. It's a bit loose on me but I have small wrists. And most of all, the company that sells the product uses part of the proceeds for good causes! <end>
 B000PZ9G6O  Lavender AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  Beautiful and affordable!  Needed 6 inches of these to enlarge an old pearl necklace I got from Japan in the early 70's. Jewelry store tried to dye white ones to match. Looked lousy. I found these... perfect match and much less expensive than the poor ones from the jewelry store. <end>
 B000PZ9GBY  Lavender AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  Beautiful and affordable!  Needed 6 inches of these to enlarge an old pearl necklace I got from Japan in the early 70's. Jewelry store tried to dye white ones to match. Looked lousy. I found these... perfect match and much less expensive than the poor ones from the jewelry store. <end>
 B000PZB5N6  Isabella Cultured Pearl Drop Rose Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Necklace and Dangle Earrings Set - Various Colors ||	  good deal  I searched around on amazon and some local jewelery stores, and could not find any better for the price. It came much quicker than the estimated date of delivery. My girlfriend loved them, and she has already got compliments on them, the two bigger pearls on the necklace had a couple flaws, but the description did say that the pearls were moderately blemished. The only problem was where the chain on the necklace that attaches to the little silver rose, fell off fairly easily, (the first time this happened we thought it broke) because the gap on the eye hook was too big, but I took it to a jeweler and they crimped it close for free. But all the other eye hooks looked fine. <end>  Very pleased  My wife found this necklace and earring combination while looking for a birthday gift for our daughter. The pearls are a perfect size and attract attention, but in an understated way. The set even arrived quicker than expected, especially since it was ordered during the Christmas rush. We are very happy with the purchase and our daughter is very pleased with it as well. <end>
 B000PZC9CM  Lavender AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  Beautiful and affordable!  Needed 6 inches of these to enlarge an old pearl necklace I got from Japan in the early 70's. Jewelry store tried to dye white ones to match. Looked lousy. I found these... perfect match and much less expensive than the poor ones from the jewelry store. <end>
 B000PZED08  Serenity Prehnite Cultured Pearl Cluster Teardrop Platinum Overlay CAREFREE Sterling Silver Earrings ||	  ABSOLUTELY LOVELY!!  I was hesitant to purchase these earrings because there were not reviews-I placed them on my wish list for quite a while and purchased them not knowing what to expect, I am very glad I did. The picture does not do them justice, these earrings are simply beautiful. They are just the right length and the stones and pearls are of nice size and color and have a beautiful sheen to them, elegant enough to be worn to a special occasion. Service was prompt and courteous and the earrings came in a handy silk jewelry bag (a plus). All around a very nice pair of earrings an a great shopping experience. <end>
 B000PZEDDK  Peach Pink AAA Cultured Pearl Strand Platinum Overlay Sterling Silver Choker Necklace, Bracelet & Earrings Set ||	  My wife loved them  Very happy with the look and the quality. My wife noted that the string was knotted, and we were pleased that the lovely flower-shaped clasp was coated to avoid tarnishing. She's still having fun wearing variations on the set (wore just the earrings and bracelet today without the necklace).I had been concerned that the 18" "princess" length might be too short, but it turned out to be the perfect length for her. <end>
 B000Q01WTW  Antique Butterfly belly button ring ||	  LOVEEE  I absolutely love this belly button ring. I have gotten a ton of compliments!!! The only problem is the ball at the top got rusty like the gold comes off, so be careful with sensitive skin. Thank you so much and THE PACKAGING WAS PERFICTLY SAFE &lt;3 thank you. great price as well!!! <end>  Beautiful & Unique  I was so happy to find this product.. Something with a unique, vintage feel to it with lots of color. The product looked exactly as it did in the picture. I'm very happy with my purchase! <end>  My favorite Bling  I absolutely love this little belly bling. It's my favorite and I wear it all the time. It's just as beautiful as it looks in the picture. Well made. <end>  great!  looks just like the picture, gorgeous. but the ball doesn't screw on very tightly. have to keep adjusting it to make sure it doesn't fall off! <end>  Excellent service, decent product.  I am extremely satisfied with the service but the product was of fair quality. I purchased this for my fiance's sister who is 18 and she absolutely loved it and so did her mother. Thank you. <end>  Belly ring  Received it on time, it looked beautiful, two days later I lost the small screw on piece! Very disappointed because I really liked it. <end>  Awesome!  This is one of my favorite belly button rings! It looks just like the picture. I definantly recommend this belly button ring! <end>  It's okay  I liked the look of it a lot but when I wore it the part that goes in bottom infected my belly-button. I took it out after two weeks. I wouldn't really recommend it. <end>
 B000Q03VKU  Owl Belly Button Ring ||	  Very pretty  I love owls and have been looking for an owl belly ring for a long time. This one really appealed to me because of the jewel design. When the belly ring arrived I was delighted to see that it was very shiny (I've had it for months now and it still has not tarnished or dulled in anyway).The only thing that keeps me from wearing this everyday is the fact that it sometimes gets caught on my clothing.All in all this is a very pretty and well crafted belly ring. <end>  Love it  I love this belly button ring. Nicely made and the gems really hold up and haven't fallen out. Have gotten a lot of compliments on it. I'd buy from this company again. <end>  lovely belly ring!!!  This is a very pretty belly ring. I was very pleased when i got it and it even came in a little black box which i think was pretty cool. I love how it looks when i am wearing it. It doesn't look like too much on and it's perfect if you just want a little glam. The owl design is very pretty and unique. I would definitely recommend this  ) <end>  Love it!  I am completely in love with this belly button ring. It looks just like the picture! It's super cute and the delivery was very quick! I will definitely buy from this company again! <end>
 B000Q0AZAE  CUBIC ZIRCONIA BANDS - 14K Gold Plated All Marquise CZ Eternity Band ||	  Awsome  It was my first time buying jewelery at Amazon... and for sure I'll do that again.This ring is so beautifil, looks like the real one.... <end>  Wonderful  This ring is gorgeous. It is a wonderful gift for oneself ;) (or for others). <end>  tons of compliments  I get compliments all day when I wear this ring. It was exactly what I was looking for. It is sooooo beautiful. Thank you!! <end>
 B000Q0P716  9mm Wide Spinning Sterling Silver Horse Head Spin Band Ring (Size 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11) ||	  Unique  I gave this ring as a gift to my 13-year-old niece and she loves it because no one will have one like it when she returns to school from summer vacation. <end>
 B000Q0QX0U  Curley Cue Twisted Spiral Sterling Silver Hook Earrings ||	  adore them  They arrived very fast have had them for 2 days and the rest of the order is still out there. They catch everyones eye. I think they are so lovely, shiny and very comfortable. Look way more expensive. My friends love them. Thanks <end>  Love these!  I got these as a gift a year ago and they are still my favorite earrings. I highly recommend them for anyone with sensitive ears... a lot of earrings irritate my ears and these never have. <end>  beautiful & elegant  I LOVE THESE EARRINGS SO MUCH, THEY ARE SO BEAUTIFUL AND LIGHTWEIGHT, I WEAR THEM AS MUCH AS I POSSIBLY CAN, I GET SO MANY COMPLIMENTS ON THEM TOO...THEY ARE ALSO VERY ELEGANT AND SHINY, GOOD FOR DAYTIME FUN AND NIGHT TIME FUN.... <end>  easy and casual  These are nice everyday casual earrings that look nice against dark, long hair or with your hair pulled back and just dangling. Can't complain, for eight bucks I have certainly gotten my money's worth. I have worn them a lot this summer. <end>  Absolutly Stunning !!!!  i ordered these earings for my mother for mothers day only 2 days ago and they have arrived already !!!! i am so pleased with your service  ) the earings are absolutly stunning &hearts; ! &hearts; and as one customer before me said they look much more expensive than they actually are . i gave them to her already since she will not be here on mothers day and she absolutly adores them &hearts; i was so happy  ) i will definitly be ordering from you guys again ! hope you all have a fantastic weekend ! <end>  Pretty ear rings  I got these for my sister-in-law and she loved them! They are very pretty and well made. <end>  Look nicer than the price  These earings look more expensive than they are and they are great with work clothes or a dress. <end>  Fun Looking earrings  I got these for my wife for christmas and they look great on her. they are lightweight and the twisted spiral's catch the light easily and gleam. I am glad I got these when I did as they are currently out of stock. Do not hesitate to get them when they become available! <end>  Awesome!  They're beautiful. I've had people ask me what karat they are. They're delicate looking, but strong enough for how thin the silver is. They reflect light beautifully. They're a great size, they're really light so I can barely feel them when I am wearing them. I love them. <end>  Beautiful earrings!!!  I love these earrings! They are extremely lightweight and very pretty. I get a lot of compliments whenever I wear them. Highly recommended! <end>  Pretty  THESE ARE VERY PRETTY AND CLASSY. MY DAUGHTER IN LAW WILL LOVE THEM, THEY CAME FAST TOO. <end>  Good Earrings... EXCEPT!  These earrings are beautiful and noticeable. They are just the right size and cheaper then the other earrings like these. The only thing I've had trouble with is that these earrings are slightly bendable. I was holding them and playing with them, twirling them. I take them off and one of them are bent and skinny. They are easy to bend back to normal shape so it wasn't a real problem. <end>  Absolutely Beautiful!  I am so glad I purchased these earrings for my friends. I am jealous and wish I had ordered myself a pair!! <end>  okish  Look super cute but never seem to have them in stock. I have been checking since the beginning of the year but they still remain out of stock. <end>  Dont Buy!!!!!!!!!!!!  I bought this earings for myself thinking the price was great and I read the reviews so everything seem great. When they where deliver I saw that I made a big mistake. The dlivery charge puts this earings around 14 dollars and for that you can find better ones at the mall. These earings are a joke.The flea market sell better earings for a dollar. <end>  Gorgeous!!!  These earring are cute! They look much more expensive - like white gold - than what they are actually worth. They are a perfect size since they are only 2 inches long (not too big and not too small - just flawless). These earring don't tug on the ears because they are super light weight, but are very noticeable due to the shine.Also, these earring have a young and fresh (super flirty!) look that are classy. They seem delicate, but are actually sturdy. I love how they dangle and move with me.I ordered these earring on the 7th and received them on the 12th. Great shipping and nicely packaged.BOTTOM LINE  WELL WORTH THE BUY AND VERY BEAUTIFUL!!! <end>  Twisted Cuteness  I bought these earrings after I had picked out all of my other stuff and thought "what the heck they are under ten dollars." Well all I have to say now is "Wow!!!!" I love these earrings. I used to have a pair that was similar and I lost them. These are not the same, but they are wonderful. Try them out and you'll see. <end>  Cute earrings, but plating rubs off.  I've had these earrings for almost a year now, so take that into consideration, but I've noticed in the past few months, the plating has been rubbing off, revealing a bronzy color beneath. These are still my favorite earrings, and I wear them maybe once a week (I usually forget to put earrings in), but I'm becoming more self-conscious the more the silver wears off and may have to retire them soon.It seems to just be occurring through normal wear; I don't wear a lot of makeup, and when I do, it's all-natural, so I can only guess that the oils of the skin on my neck are slowly wearing away the silver.That's just my personal experience with them, but if you're considering these earrings, please keep that in mind. <end>  Great Value  Every time I wear these earrings I get tons of compliments and all of my coworkers have asked where I got them. These go well with my dressier outfits as well as with some of my nicer casual clothes, so I've gotten a lot of wear out of them. <end>  Whimsy and class in one!  These earrings have beautiful shine to them and a unique design. I find them to have class along with a touch of whimsy which makes them easy to wear with many different types of outfits. <end>  Very nice earrings!  The earrings are gorgeous, you definitely get your moneys worth. Great shipping time to Canada too! <end>  Great budget buy  My gf found these online and i bought them. They look better in life than on picture. Worth the price. <end>  BEAUTIFUL!!!!!  Absolutely love them, they look and feel great! They weigh nothing! Great buy! I recommend these for yourself or as a gift! <end>  Stylish and extremly light  As with most jewelery, these earrings come in a bag. They are very light but sturdy. If you read the specs you can see their weight, since the cost is low, there aren't tons of silver in them, so you can wear them all day long without a headache.I was pleasantly surprised by their length, they are lengthier then I expected, which is a good thing. It's what makes them great, since their length emphasize the neck and makes it seem more slender.These earrings are a great purchase for the price and I'm really glad I bought them. <end>  These are Beautiful!!!  I love these earrings. I thought that they might be real small but they aren't. They also aren't long just a nice length. They are 1/34" from the top of the dangle, not the part that goes through your ear. I love them. I have a second hole above the one I used for these and I put a CZ post in that one. Looks really pretty with the two together. <end>  nice sliver  WOW, JUST GOT MY EARINGS !! I LOVEM!! PRETTY PRETTY PRETTY!! SHINNY SLIVER!! WILL UPDATE IN A FEW WEEKS LETS SEE WHAT PEOPLE SAY WHEN THEY SEE THEM ON ME!! I HAVE GOTTEN ALOT OF EARINGS FROM AMAZON AND LOVED THEM ALL !! <end>  Very nice  A cute pair of earrings that are very light on the ear. Very happy with them, and my sensitive ears did not a bad reaction to the. <end>  Same beauty for much less  I had a pair of earrings like these and they cost me 45 bucks. Well I ended up losing one and I was scanning amazon one day and saw these and they are literally just like the earrings that I bought. So I bought these and they match identical to the odd earring. Crazy. Anyways, I wear these all the time and I have a habit of taking them out on my night stand and knocking them over, so in the morning and I can find one but not the other, I keep the odd one so when this happens I still can wear them and worry about finding the missing one later. Good price!! <end>  Light and Pretty!  Very nice looking earrings, and you don't even feel it when wearing, got lots of compliments from friends! It's perfect for dates and parties! <end>  Favorite earrings...  Ah, these earrings are so nice... I can't really admit I'm among the people who say the silver looks like white gold, but it's a shining silver indeed. And the earrings are quite long...I prefer longer earrings... They are simple, and gentle...The earrings and the whole package was exactly as described. I bought a popcorn necklace as well from this seller...The expedited international shipment length wasn't real, did not send it in 7 days, but 14... That was the only downgrade. They refunded part of my shipment though...The seller did combine packages also... I did not "Add to cart" them together, but separately, as I did decide to buy two items later on...The company is friendly... <end>  Nice  Got here fast and is a very nice product. Im sure my wife will like them. Thanks. Hope to do business w/ you again. <end>  wonderful  Very nice earrings, hang on the ear well, look nice, are good value for the money and not too heavy. <end>  Nice  Nice pair of earrings for the price. I do recommend that you wear backs on these earrings, I had one that continue to fall out, and they are so lightweight that I didn't notice it the last time, so I have lost one. But, I will probably reorder them, because they are cute and lightweight. <end>  Nice silver dangles!  These earrings are very nice and surprisingly longer than the picture makes them look. The silver is fairly heavy, shiney and flattering to most hairstyles! The way they twist and dangle makes them even more special, you won't be disappointed! <end>  Expensive looking, they go with anything  I am so happy with these earrings. They are very expensive looking, no one will ever guess that you paid less than $10 for them! They're so lightweight you can't even feel them in your ears, and they are such a simple design that they go with anything. I've worn them to dress up jeans and a sweater and also with my suit to work. NOT the kind of earrings that will sit in your jewlery box, forgotten. You will wear these all the time! <end>  not too heavy  I love these earrings because they look fun, but they're not heavy like most dangling earrings. I hate having something tug on my earlobes. I almost forget that I'm wearing these because they're so lightweight without looking cheap. <end>  these are very delicate!  these earrings are so delicate and gorgeous! i'm not too careful with most things, so i have all my earrings in two drawers in my jewelry cabinet. these earrings got flattened and a little misshaped after a few times of wearing them, but it's not that hard to get them back to where they're supposed to be. i've gotten a lot of compliments on these, even though i have several other pairs that look similar these stand out the most. i would hang them up on some sort of earring tree so they don't lose shape and definitely don't sleep with them on!!!! <end>  So pretty!!!  These are gorgeous earrings. They are a little more delicate than I would have liked, but are pretty just the same. They can definitely be dressed up or down, so they are a must-have. <end>  Sterling dangle earrings  I bought 3 pair of earrings from this company and love everyone of them. Comfortable and eye catching to wear. <end>  Gift perfect  I bought this set of earrings with a certain friend in mind. She loved them! They are beautiful, light, and definitely worth giving as a present or even keeping for your self. <end>  cute earrings  I really like these spiral earrings. They are very lightweight, and I've had many compliments on them. It's always "They're so cute!" <end>  Very pretty  Bought this for my sister as a gift. I tried them on as well and they are really stunning. I approve. <end>  Time / Quality  Item was shipped and received within the time limit given. Good quality product t t t t t t t <end>  Beautiful Earrings  These are beautiful earrings but they appear to be somewhat delicate (very thin). The design is very interesting and catches the eye. <end>  Really pretty  Arrived in time for Christmas. True to photo. Really pretty earrings. They were exactly what I wanted for one of my mother's gifts. She says she loves them. <end>
 B000Q0TZR8  Unusual Spinning Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Spin Worry Band Ring (Size 4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) ||	  Great company to deal with  I sent for the wrong size and the company responded quickly and sent me proper size...no problem! Got correct size within a week. <end>  Great ring at a great price  This is quite a beautiful and unusual ring. My wife works in a hospital where the soap was causing discomfort around her wedding ring. I wanted to get a ring to wear as a wedding band (without worrying about losing it) at the hospital. She loves it and wears it more than her actual wedding ring. The ring was exactly as descrbed. I am considiring getting one for myself as well. <end>  I LOVE this ring!!  I LOVE this ring! Only thing is, it's a bit too big, but just a bit...and that's my fault cuz i should'a ordered a size smaller. This ring is symbolically in sync with issues i'm dealing with in my life. I spin it before making a decision. It's beautiful, was shipped ver fast, and i will be buying from this seller again. They're a "keeper". <end>  wonderful ring  I wear this ring all the time. I have had so many people ask me what it is and wear i got it. <end>  Not what I expected...  I say that this transaction wasn't what I expected because it came so quickly! But also because its quite bigger than I expected and in my opinion it a bit masculine for me. I didn't realize the design was alternating orientations either, and I was looking forward to utilizing the ring orientation in the traditional way which I now can't do. Also, I had another worry ring which I was replacing with this one that spun much better than this one does, probably because its 'bulky.' Of course, this is just my opinion! =] The service and quality is great and quick! <end>  Love it  The ring came without delay. My only wish is that they came in half sizes. The orientation on the ring changes as you spin it. So it isn't always pointed in or out. Confusing if you are using it as a wedding/engagement ring. But I still love it. <end>  Entertaining  This ring is unusual yet entertaining. It spins which keeps your attention. Only problem is after a while, it is difficult to spin. Need to find a lubricant to allow it to continue spinning. Very fun, not bulky, and pretty. <end>  Very cheap!  I bought this for my husband to match mine & to replace his older ring which was worn. The band that spins broke after only a couple days of him wearing it. Nice idea, but cheap & complete garbage. <end>  Awesome ring!  This is the coolest ring I have ever owned. It looks beautiful. I wear it as a thumb ring. You will get addicted to spinning it around though! <end>  the ring  Unusual Spinning Sterling Silver Celtic Claddagh Spin Worry Band Ring Size 10(Size 5,6,7,9)wouldn't spin had to fix <end>
 B000Q2ZIKY  Sterling Silver 6mm Round Fiery Created White Opal Stud Earrings ||	  True To Their Description  These earrings do have a bit of fire in them and are definitely noticeable. They are comfortable to sleep in as well as talk on the phone with. Highly recommend. <end>  oPAL EARRINGS  EXCELLENT PRODUCT! SUPER FAST SHIPPING! EASY ORDERING PROCESS! I LOVE ORDERING FROM AMAZON! THANK YOU!! <end>
 B000Q5QVTI  Sterling Silver & Cubic Zirconia Classic Journey Pendant ||	  Excellent Price and hasn't fallen apart/changed color yet.  My girlfriend loves it and since we share a bank account she loves the price. Had it a couple weeks now and seems to be holding up real well. <end>
 B000Q65U08  Genuine Marcasite and Garnet Sterling Silver Aromatherapy Scent Locket Heart Pendant with 20" Cable Chain Necklace ||	  beautiful  my mother got me this for my sixteenth birthday with the red in the middle for my birthstone. i wear it almost every day. im almost 18 now and i get compliments on it all the time.  ) timeless piece. <end>
 B000Q69UT0  Sterling Silver 10mm Wide Dazzling Spiral Band Polished Finish Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Satisfied Customer  I was very pleased with the actual ring; It looks exactly as in the picture. It is easy to wear and it looks good on my index finger. The design is unusual and flattering on whatever finger one decides to wear it on. The packaging was great, have no complaints. <end>  Even Cuter in Person!  I bought this ring and two others for my daughter for her bday. Is even cuter and better quality in person that anticipated. Because it is shaped like a spring, there is some play in it to make it fit your fingers better. Love it! <end>  Perfect thumb or index finger ring...  My wife's review  I was afraid this would look cheap and cheesy but as it turns out, it's quite nice. It is simple, true to size, and perfect for my thumb which was the intention. We'll see how it holds up over time but for now, I give it 5 stars and would recommend this to a friend. And for those who care, it did come in the cutest little box. <end>  small size  the ring is small compared to the way it suppose to look according to the pic...also the size is inaccurate ...im a 71/2 i ordered a 9 for my middle finger and it doesnt fit it only fits my marriage finger which is a 7 1/2. nice ring only wish it was accurate in size. <end>  Spiral Thumb Ring  I had a variation on this ring for years that I wore on my thumb and it eventually broke. I was pleased to find this similar design at a reasonable price. It fit very nicely and was adaptable gauge wire so I could open up the coil on my thumb. Glad I found it  ) <end>  LOVE IT!  I love this ring! i wear it on my pointer and it is fairly adjustable so it fits very comfortably. it came very fast and i couldn't be happier with this purchase! <end>  Spiral ring  Love this ring! Have worn it on both thumb and pointer and have received many compliments! <end>  nice ring  I ordered this an another sterling ring both from Gem Avenue. They shipped really fast and in nice packaging. I love both rings. This ring is just like the picture. You can also slightly adjust the spaces in between the rings (gently) Happy with purchase. <end>  cute!  This is a nice match in style and formality/punk-rockish-ness level to my captive bead earrings. I got it sized for my index finger but it looks better on my thumb and was easy to adjust. <end>  Adorable Ring  I just love this ring! I wear it on my left thumb and because it is somewhat adjustable, it fits really well and doesn't slide off. I get many compliments. It is very nice quality and I think it is prettier than the picture. I highly recommend it. <end>  Unusual Design  This highly polished sterling silver ring is as practicalas it is attractive. The unique design, besides being eyecatching,is comfortable on the finger and flexible enoughto adjust slightly for just the right fit. Wear it on onefinger today, on another next time. It is priced well andcomes in a lovely little colorful but tasteful ring box, as do all this merchants rings. <end>  Great Purchase!  This ring was a wonderful purchase as a gift at an inexpensive price. It was a big hit and looks wonderfully delicate with just a little spunk all rolled into one. <end>  I love this ring!!  This is a great ring and it is very flexiable in sizing!! Very cute and great for the price!! <end>  Nice ring but thinner than I thought  I like this ring very much. Shipping was very fast and it came in a nice box with a ribbon. The ring is very unusual and funky looking which I like about it. The spiral of the ring is, however, much closer together than in the picture. This wasn't a problem because I ordered a size that was a little bit big and stretched the spiral out a little so now it looks just like the picture and fits nicely. I wear it on my left middle finger and it is light weight and stays on with some breathing room to spare. The silver also seems of good quality. The one complaint I have of this ring is that the silver is rather thin and moves out of its shape a little too easily. If the ring were a bit thicker and more durable and sturdy it would be perfect. Other than that this ring is very nice and unique.Overall  4/5 stars <end>  Pretty ring, but not as thick as i thought it would be.  The ring is very pretty, looks and feels like it was well made. Its shinny but not too shiny and it looks better in person than in pictures, the only thing i was a bit dissapointed about was the thickness, is not too thick which is what i was looking for but whatever its still nice. Its very flexible so you can adjust it to however you want it to look. Ive had it for a month and a half and ive washed my hands with it and everything and so far it hasnt tarnish. Btw it looks great as a thumb ring. Very happy with my purchase. Shipping was faster than i expected. Not even 3 days! All in all the ring looks very nice and i would recommend to buy. <end>  Irresistible  Bought as a toe ring. Perfect size to cover one of my longer toes. I never take it off.The picture makes it look kinda flimsy, but it is not. It holds it shape and the band is made of a sturdy and dense metal.Shipping was excellent. Arrived before estimated dates.5 stars all the way! <end>  Two sizes smaller than size I ordered  I ordered a size 9 to fit my largest finger but it fits my size 7 finger. It's a really cute ring but the spiral is closer together than the photo. I guess you could spread it apart but I'm afraid doing that would make it smaller. Would really like the ring if it was the correct size. <end>  Very satisfied  Excellent service, and the ring is beautiful and reasonably priced. I'd definitely order again. <end>  its so simple but beautiful  i just decided to buy this ring for myself 'whilst' shopping for holiday presents for others. i have gotten so many compliments on it already. it is super comfortable, shiny and it makes me feel good. its different and that seems to be what people really appreciate. <end>  Love it  Great look and great price.Looks and feels good on your thumb.It looks even better when you see it. <end>  Should be closed  Ends should be matched. Perhaps better. Roll inside the coil to close it up. As well could be a bracelet covering the brace. Yet a little oval, perhaps ornamented by diamonds, etc. Ratinonal winding always getting closed over a torus. Then break the oval donut covered by the diamonded row. Need not to be a tight winding. <end>  Cool ring  I've had a lot of compliments on it. Cool and modern. Size seems true. Comfortable. Good price. Wait no more. Get it. <end>  Love it!  I'd wanted this ring for at least a year, and I finally got it as a present from my Amazon gift list. It's so cute! The only small difference from the picture is that instead of the ends being round, they are more teardrop shaped. I got it in a size 4 for a pinky ring. I can tell it will be one of my frequently worn rings.  ) <end>  Loved it!  I loved it! Excellent workmanship. The picture on here doesn't give it justice! At first I was a bit nervous, thinking the openings might get stuck on things or my clothing but they don't at all. The ring is very comfortable to wear. I even wear it during work! Also, it arrived very quick and in excellent over the top packaging. Definitely recommend. <end>  Perfect  I love this ring!! I ordered this in a size just a little bit too small. No problem though, it adjusted perfectly. <end>  cute ring  its very neat and cute..ive had it over 2 years now and ive worn i almost everyday..it has not faded!!! love it.. <end>  Cute & Simple  I like this ring a lot! You can adjust the size by stretching it out which actually looks cooler. It's cute and looks better with a nice french manicure. <end>  Great Ring  I love this ring..I wear it whenever I leave the house. It looks like something I would have spent much more for. I would definitely purchase from the seller again. <end>  Arrived as pictured, Runs a size small  Delivery was quick and item arrived as pictured. I ordered a size 9 but it only fits my size 8 thumb but works really well as a thumb ring, so that is okay. <end>  Beautiful Ring!  This ring is beautiful! It was shipped very fast, and my daughter loves it! I plan on buying more jewelry from this seller for Christmas! <end>  Very Satisfied Customer  I bought this ring last September and I had a great experience with this seller. I honestly think the ring is WAY more beautiful in person (which is RARE for online merchandise). The ring arrived promptly and was the correct size as well as very beautiful. I've worn it everyday since!The only issue I think people may have with shopping for rings online in general is shopping for the correct ring size. Luckily this spiral ring allows a little bit of flexibility for a perfect fit =)I am looking forward to making future purchases from this seller!!! <end>  Beautiful ring!  This ring is so adorable! It goes with anything! I haven't taken it off since I got it! I love it! <end>  Silver Ring  Dazzling Spiral Band .925 Sterling Silver RingThis ring is so pretty and delicate-looking! It's even better than it looks in the picture. Will definitely purchase from this company again. <end>  Unique ring  Really like this ring...it fits well (you always hope the size that you know you are is the same size the company makes), it's a unique design and furthermore it's a sturdy ring!!! Sometimes when you buy spiral rings, it's easily misshapen, but I have had this ring for going on a couple of weeks and it has not lost it's shape at all. <end>  Cute  I just purchased this ring and was pleased with the way it looks. I bought it for a thumb ring and it looks really cute. I ordered an 8 and initially when I tried it on, I thought it was going to be too small, but it is adjustable, so after adjusting it, it fits good.On the downside, the bands are a little thin, and I just wonder if I try to to adjust it too much, it may snap. <end>  Delicate & adjustable  Very pretty and delicate. With a little work it is adjustable. Well worth the price, I gave as a gift and may order one for myself. <end>  One of my favorite rings  I love this ring, I never take it off. It never tarnishes, looks very interesting and unique, and is so durable!! I've had it on for a couple of years now, and whenever it gets caught on something and gets bent out of shape, it takes a second to fix. I've put it through so much and it still looks awesome. <end>  Dazzling Spiral Band Polished Sterling Silver Ring  Love this ring for dressing up and go out. Everyone comments on how nice it is. Sizing was perfect. Well made. Love it!! <end>  Love it ... Perfect for small hand  I was looking for a snake right that was not a snake ring .... LOL. This is perfect, it has the shape, but more modest. Good price and and good fit. I would buy it again and would recommend it. <end>
 B000Q6BT6M  Genuine Marcasite Round Sterling Silver Aromatherapy Scent Locket Pendant with 20" Cable Chain Necklace ||	  Better than Elena's locket!  I was looking for a Vintage type of Aromatherapy locket. I got the idea from Elena on Vampire Diaries. I didn't like the one she wears, it's not very attractive so I came across this one. Definitely a piece that everyone notices. I am not kidding, as soon as I put it on I had compliments within 30 minutes. This locket is a good weight, very delicate looking and I love that both sides of it have a nice pattern. Also, the front sparkles beautifully. It has a nice closure too. This was a great choice for myself!PaulaDexter, MI <end>
 B000Q6O46Y  Genuine Smoky Quartz Stone beaded stretch Bracelet ||	  Beautiful  I love this bracelet. It's simple and elegant and wears nicely on the wrist. No pulling arm hair; it's very smooth. I'd buy from this company again! <end>
 B000Q72BWW  Sterling Silver 16mm Wide Top Quality Polished Finish 3mm Band Floral Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  pretty sure they sent me wrong size  I was pretty sure I'm a size 10 so I ordered a 10. I knew that based on another ring I have and also from measuring my finger using a chart.Well what I have here is about a size 13. It's huge. Way too big. Way off =(The ring is really pretty and really my style. Which only makes me more sad.There is a fee for exchanges. Boo. Maybe buying rings online just isn't a good idea. <end>  Cute and Unique  Very cute flower ring. It looks like a James Avery if you are familiar. I have actually had a couple people mistake it as one. It seems sturdy and well made. I have already dropped it a few times and it has remained in tact. It has the Sterling Silver .925 stamp. Overall it is super cute and I love it! I think it is suitable for any age. <end>  Beautiful and Unique  This ring is very unique and beautiful.I have received many compliments since I bought it.It has become my everyday ring. I love it. <end>  Karen of NY  This ring is gorgeous! It is solid and beautifully crafted. Should you be a half size go up one size. This ring is truly special and I love it. <end>
 B000Q75VCY  Sterling Silver New Top Quality 20mm Length Ocean crab Polished Finish 4mm Band Ring Size 8 ||	  Loving It  This ring is perfect for me! It's very sterdy and I get alot of compliments on it. I wear it all the time. Great fit. <end>  review  This ring has sharp parts that will cut you so be careful. Otherwise is nice and affordable. <end>
 B000Q7959Y  Sterling Silver 1 Inch Long and 3/4 Inch Wide Polished Finish Virtue Filigree Floral 5mm Band Ring Size 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  Perfect!  Got it when I was supposed to and the ring is exactly as seen, no rough or jagged edges, comfortable to wear. I get compliments on it all the time. Very cool ring. Good value for the money. <end>  beautiful ring!!  This ring not only looks good.. very delicate looking and was a tiny bit afraid it might not be durable.. I leave my rings on all of the time.. this ring is very well made and doesn't even bend if you try (and yes I tried).. Gem Ave is where I buy all my rings they come packaged so well for gift giving in small wrapped looking boxes with bows.. always great products and promt delivery.. This might just be my favorite ring I have ever had.. I have very long thin fingers and it goes up to the knuckle (I wear on my ring finger) and does not interfere with your finger movement at all.. SO glad I bought this and what a super price for such a quality ring!! <end>  Great Ring  I'm very pleased with this ring. It looks like silver lace and is very comfortable. I always get compliments when I wear it. I thought it might be uncomfortable because it is longer, but it is the most comfortable ring I own. <end>  FAVORITE RING!  i ordered this ring on a saturday and it came the following thursday afternoon. i absolutely love this ring so much! it fits nicely and is so PRETTY. i am SO happy i bought it! i came in a small cute box! i would DEFINITELY recommend it! <end>  So-so  I fell in love with this ring immediately. The look, quality, and fit is great! The only thing I don't like is after I've worn it for awhile it leaves a mark on my finger.  ( <end>  Simply lovely!  If this is the type of ring you are looking for, then this ring is an absolute must to have. I had been looking for something on these lines for sometime and was really thrilled when I saw it and have not been disappointed. <end>  Absolutly beautiful!!!  I fell in love with this ring the moment I bought it! it is amazing!the band is perfect because I always end up breaking the thin bands, and the front of it is amazing, the store that I bought it from were great at getting it to me as well, I will deffinatly buy from them again! The ring is amazing thank you guys soo much! <end>  Sizing is OFF  The ring is really cute and it feels sturdy enough. But I ordered a size 8 so that I could wear it on my middle finger, and it barely fits my ring finger, (which means it is on the small side of a size 7). Maybe they just sent me the wrong size, (though the invoice says &#34;8&#34;), but if this is indeed what they consider an 8, then they have a faulty measuring tape!I'm going to keep it anyway, but I'm kind of disappointed. <end>  GREAT RING  I have a tattoo on my ring finger (Awful choice), but I have been looking for months now for a ring big enough to cover it up that I could leave on 24/7 without the ring tarnishing. Not only is the ring a perfect size and a great price, I have been wearing it for about a week now and there isn't a mark on it. I wore it in the shower every day, washing dishes, washing my hands, household chores, etc. I would reccomend this to anyone. <end>  it is a nice ring  Size seems to run a bit smaller but I am keeping as a gift for my niece. Not as thick as I would have liked but for the price it is a nice buy. <end>  Beautiful ring for the Price !!  This Ring is beautiful, big and bold. I have had so many compliments on this ring.It was a Great price, and I'm very happy.Thanks again Amazon !! <end>  Excellent customer service  My order required a return and despite talking to multiple people, every one was helpful and happy. Will do more business with them! <end>  Just What I've Always Wanted!  I have been searching for a substantial ring like this one but one that is also not "clunky" because of it's size. This ring has a delicate lace pattern that is absolutely beautiful and in spite of the size, it's probably the most comfortable ring I own (and I have quite a few)! Although it appears delicate, it is a very sturdy ring so I'm not afraid to wear it every day. The shaping of the ring just "molds" around my finger beautifully; it's almost like it was custom made! The price was simply amazing and I've got to honestly admit, I didn't think it would be the quality it is at that price. I am super pleased and definitely will be back for more from Gem Avenue. <end>  Beautiful design  This sterling silver ring looks nice and elegant. The picture really doesn't do the ring justice - The real thing has better quality and appears to be shinier.I particularly favor the floral design. Anyway, this is one of the most stylish jewelry I've ever had,so I would highly recommend it. <end>
 B000Q7GOE8  Sterling Silver 8mm Genuine Carnelian Bead Dangle Hook Earrings ||	  Nice style  These are the style of earrings I buy when I am unable to find anything else I like. You might say they are a "staple" in my collection as I have many of them in different stones. Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't buy them if I didn't like them. Silver Speck has never disappointed me with their quick service and good pricing. I will buy from them again. <end>  A little too orange looking!  Nice silver but stone too orange! I was looking for more red like the picture!Item is very pretty and I gave this to a friend as a gift and she loved them! <end>
 B000Q7U0HA  Sterling Silver Seraphinite Adjustable Ring by Sajen, Size 7 ||	  Not what I expected  I returned mine. The ring is very large...taking up the entire length of my finger between my middle and end knuckle. Some people can carry this look off but it is not a good look for a smallish person like me. Also, the "stone" part looks like enamel rather than the cool, unique stone that I thought it was going to look like. The color is beautiful but is lacks the depth and variety that would make it look like a true natural stone. <end>
 B000Q7YNWI  Blue Topaz and Diamond Three-Stone Titanium Ring, 8.5 ||	  Spectacular  This swiss blue topaz & (2) diamond ring is elegant in its simplicity. And since it's titanium, it's super lightweight. Even the 5 mm band looks great on my (scholar's hands) long thin fingers. Overnight shipping from Just Metal is a bonus to the price & 15% discount. It's a shame you cannot see the smile on my face. <end>  Just Metal  Is wonderful. Fast shipping and a ring I wear all the time now on sale for a superb price!! <end>  Looking good  My husband is a Master Automotive Technician and he wanted something that would with stand the damage of his profession and this titanium ring does just that. After a while is does lose it's shine, but with a polishing rag the shine comes back. This ring is light weight, beautiful and you don't even know you have it on. Everyone that sees our rings are amazed at how pretty this ring is and wants to know where I got it at and I let them know where I got it at. <end>  Great ring  Ring is exactly like the picture ... true to size ... very reasonably priced ... arrived very quickly ... have gotten lots of compliments ... <end>  Beautiful  Well its just perfect for a promise ring, but its not quite the engagement ring that I had hoped for, but its beautiful. Everyone who has seen it has said, "Wow, that's pretty," in those words. And boy I wish that I had ordered the right size, because He'd love to wear it, but its just too big. As soon as I can figure out how to exchange it or return it and get a size 10 instead of an 11 I will. It really is a beautiful ring, and its nice that its in our birthstone. It looks just like the pictures, no disapointments. <end>
 B000Q890CA  Sterling Silver 35mm Wide Elder in Eagle Feather Headdress Polished Finish 5mm Wide Band Ring Size 7, 8, 9, 10 ||	  montezuma!  i call my ring montezuma and montezuma is awesome!the 2 feathers hanging by his head are made to swing and hang like real feathers but i just took them off and it looks way rad. i get tons of compliments on it and its definitly my favorite ring i've ever owned. i'd recommend it to anyone! <end>  Good Ring  Nice piece of jewelry. However the feathers on the side are separate pieces. Had to epoxy them to the ring to keep them from getting lost or broken. Other than that a good ring. <end>
 B000Q8AKMY  Sterling Silver Heart Shaped Garnet Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Polished Finish 2mm Band Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  LOVE IT!!!  I adore this ring! It is so dainty and simple. You cannot beat the price. I received it a few days ago. I was very pleased with it. I don't know yet how it will hold up in the long run, but I adore it! So sweet! This would make an awesome Valentine's present for anyone from your daughter, significant other, or even your mother or grandomther. I highly recommend this ring!! <end>
 B000Q8GCO4  Stainless Steel Inspirational Ring ||	  Nice but lettering is smaller than expected  I bought this for my 20-year old son and was excited about giving it to him. When he opened it, he loved the presentation and really liked the ring and what it said. My only complaint is that when you click on the picture of the ring, it shows the lettering and wording in a larger font or form that in reality. So when we rec'd the ring and saw that the words going around the outside of it were so small, I was a bit disappointed. I wish they would have either used a different font or deepened the grooves of the lettering to make it stand out more. But if my son is happy with it, then so am I. <end>  The embodiment of simple elegance  I've been wanting a new ring for a while, but it wasn't until the other day that I found the right selection of rings on Amazon that appealed to me. I'm a Little Person, and have small fingers, so finding male rings that fit my size 5 finger isn't always easy. I also wanted something nice, but not flashy. After looking over several choices, this ring perfectly fit the bill.It came within five days of order (which included the weekend), and was packaged inside a nice Eve's Addiction felt pouch inside a sturdy little box. The ring is bright silver in coloring, and looks very attractive. The words "soul", "dream", "joy", "hope", "love", "peace", "live", "grow", and "faith" are etched on to the outside in black script, and although it's a bit small for my aging eyes to read without bright light overhead, it adds a depth of meaning to the ring for me, and I look forward to wearing it for years to come knowing those inspirational and motivational words are always there.I would recommend this ring for anyone who is considering purchasing it, especially if you are like me and prefer simple elegance and meaning instead of "flash". For $28, it appears to be worth much more. Would make a great gift for either the man or woman in your life.- Gregory Bernard Banks, author, reader, reviewer <end>  Love it  I have gotten so many compliments on this ring. The words on it are the ones I want to live by, so wearing it is a wonderful reminder. <end>  beautiful ring  This ring is beautiful. I bought it for my daughter for x-mas and she really liked it. Its very beautifully designed and the words are super!! <end>  Great Ring  The words are just a bit smaller than I would like but I knew that would be the case since I read it on another review... but over all, I LOVE IT! this ring was a great buy and would make a nice gift. <end>  Grad, 18, 21 birthday gift  The ring is quite heavy for the price. This is not a flimsy piece, and would work for both genders. I'm giving it to my granddaughter who just graduated as a teacher. The engraving is shallow and small, but hopefully it will hold up. <end>
 B000Q8SN8C  Soaring Beauty  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and CZ Butterfly Dangling Pendant Necklace ||	  Great Gift  This was a gift for my teenage cousin. The criteria was a butterfly design, set in Sterling Silver and something not expensive. I did some browsing on the net and in some stores as well, and eventually settled on this one. It looks better in real life than in the pictures, and she loved it, and so did her friends. <end>
 B000Q8V546  Celestial Sunbursts  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and CZ Celebrity Inspired Blazing Sunburst Pendant Necklace ||	  Great item  When i received the necklace i was totally amazed! it is much more beautiful & glamorous in reality than on the photo. I am totally satisfied and would recommend anyone who likes it to buy it!! <end>
 B000Q8X0NA  Dazzling Swirls  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and CZ Swirl Circle Pendant Necklace ||	  Nice necklace  I like this necklace. I wanted something SS that dropped down and this fits the bill. The charm is pretty, not stunning, but I am happy since it doesn't look as fancy as it could with the CZ in it. Overall, pleased. <end>
 B000Q8X0TY  The Proverbial O in the Trend Du Jour  Gold Vermeil O Pendant with White Cubic Zirconia ||	  Circle Pendant  I wear this pendant everytime we go someplace special. Goes well with everyting and looks great <end>  A Favorite  My wife made this one of her favorites (and she has lots of expensive jewelry). The price is lower than its value. <end>
 B000Q8YDJ0  Sterling Silver Music Notes Bracelet ||	  very very thin and cheap  I ordered this bracelet for a Christmas gift and when I received it I was thoroughly disappointed. The bracelet is very thin and cheap. I probably would have come out better going to the Piercing Pagoda in the mall. Needless to say I had to find a replacement gift for my sister because I would not give this bracelt to anybody. <end>  Love it  I got it for my 21st birthday from my beloved sister. And I love it so much. It is light weight and should be given really good care. <end>  great gift  I gave this to my sister for her senior year in marching band. It is very nice and has lasted so far. <end>
 B000Q9Q6W6  Sterling Silver Ladies Diamond cut 13mm Wide Marcasite Polished Finish Filigree Floral 5mm Band Ring Size 9 ||	  Beautiful ring  I absolutely love this ring. It's medium size (width) is complimentary finger sizes larger than 6 and 7, which I have a hard time finding. The intricate details and marcasite style make it look much more expensive than its actual price. It goes well with casual and formal attire- great ring for any occasion! <end>  beautiful ring, quick delivery  This ring is so beautiful, and it came in just three days! it looks and feels high quality, and is very pretty on the finger. A great buy, I love it. <end>  Lost stones  Very pretty looking but I wore it twice and stones (yes more than one) have fallen out never to be seen again. Waste of money. <end>
 B000Q9XET4  Connoisseurs Quick Jewelry Cleansing Gel ||	  Ok product  Seems to do a good enough job.. Doesn't hold a candle to a jewelers cleaning, though. Not sure if I would buy it again. <end>  Super shiny jewelry!  My mom introduced me to this stuff. More than once at family gatherings she's pulled this stuff out and we all line our jewelry up for her to give it a Connoisseurs scrub! It makes your jewelry shine like nothing else. The only negative is that I wish it could be used on silver - it says its only for diamonds, gem stones, gold and platinum jewelry. <end>  Sparkles  I have a large emerald cut diamond solitaire and this gel cleanser is sure to make everyone notice it. I think it sparkles more than when the jeweler cleans it. The brush that comes with it works well. This was a good purchase. This is a must have. It is part of my routine to clean my ring everyday before leaving the house. It really allows you to see the flawless nature of the rock you are sporting. Sorry, I like to make the girls at the office jealous  -)lol <end>  Nearly got trampled...  the other Senior Bridesmaids made no secret of trying to use up every last drop of MY Connoisseurs Jewelry soap - I think I got hurt!! Seriously, on Dec 10, there was the most BRILLIANT wedding and reception that Bloomfield Hills has ever seen. And that was thanks to the OLD Friends of the Illustrious Mother of the Bride. Silver, gold, diamonds, gems, even our teeth were miraculously radiant (ok, so no, we didn't brush our teeth with it, but it was a thought). Get this stuff now and we can all send a beacon into outerspace. We need more power, Mr. Scott! <end>
 B000QAEM1W  Earring - ern0062 - black ||	  Beautiful  The product did not disappoint me. It was exactly what I expected and I got them right away. This earrings are beautiful and very classy. <end>
 B000QC7BNQ  Sterling Silver Round Shaped 5mm Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Polished Finish 3mm Wide Band Promise Ring Size 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Beautifull ring and excellent price..... =)!  This ring is so fancy, my girfriend was so impressed to see the shine of this masterpiece, lovely zirconia diamond.. fully recommended =)! <end>  Great for price  I ordered this ring as a backup while my wedding ring was being repaired. It looked very similar to the real one. It was a bit too big (ordered a size 5, fit more like a 6), but it looked great and did not make my finger turn green  ) Overall, very satisfied. <end>  Turned black  This ring turned black lost all of the silver in 2 days... To think I spent money on something that lasted 2 days.. ehh. <end>  Well...  It doesn't turn my finger green. Some days the gem looks really fake. But some days it doesn't. Maybe it's a humidity thing. <end>  Average. Still not pleased.  I was pleased on the date of shipping and how it was shipped. It arrived in the standard UPS box with a heart shaped gift box to hold the ring. Shortly after giving the ring to my girlfriend, the ring started turning her finger green. I guess you get what you pay for, eh? Still pleased with the ring and the price. 3 stars. <end>  Love it! A little big though  I got this as a promise ring. I love it but I wish it was one size smaller. Can not wear it everyday cause its a little big. ANyone have this problem? Maybe it can be resized?? <end>  Sterling Silver Round Shaped 5mm Clear Cubic Zirconia Solitaire Polished Finish 3mm Wide Band Promise Ring Size 6  the ring arrived two days after it was supposed to arrive, but the ring is in excellent condition and it comes with a little cute blue jewellery box.i ordered a size 6, and it fits my finger perfectly. i love it. definitely will buy more stuff from Gem Avenue.recommend to everyone! <end>  Great ring  I bought this for my girlfriend and it was great. She definitely loved it. I picked it out cause it was a nice simple ring. The stone on it really sparkled, so it was a perfect promise ring. <end>  on the first day  The very first time I put the ring on the stone fell out. Ever since I super glued it back in the ring has looked great. <end>  sparkeling ring  I got this ring from my boyfriend for Christmas, oh, wow! So much prettier then the picture  ) I love all the sparkel it has! I will be shopping from Amazon.com and Gem avenue in the future - way to go!! <end>  My girlfriend say its ok  She use it every day and it looks just like the day we received it.we consider that for this prize its a descent quality ring.we first bought it to test size <end>  ABSOLUTELY worth it!  I have had this ring for two and a half years now, and still absolutely love it. I've worn it almost every day, so it's gone through LOTS of wear and tear, there are some minimal scratches that give the ring more character on the metal part, but the stone is still as fascinating as the day I got it. I love this ring, and still get compliments on it. I've never had a problem with it, and still get compliments on it. It's a great, durable ring that still has a certain elegance about it. And for an EXTREMELY reasonable price! <end>  beautiful!  This ring is even more beautiful than the picture! It is of very good quality too!I am very happy with it! <end>  Nice Ring But.....  Well it is a nice ring ...but i gave the seller a 4 because the ring arrived dirty. It came in the box an as promised but upon opening it , i noticed it had a dull look so i assumed it wasn't Sterling silver so i wanted to return it. but a friend suggested i used a Sterling silver cleaner to polish it. and lo and behold after 4hour of cleaning it was sparkling. Overall a good Buy" <end>  As Listed  Item was received quickly and had a nice gift box. Item was exactly as picture showed. Very happy with purchase! <end>  Nice Ring!  Its a great looking ring and the price was even better....Its a very pretty ring... <end>  Love it!  Bought it from my daughter as a promise ring. She loves it. Looks wonderful on her. <end>  Great looking ring...  I bought this for my girlfriend a few months ago as a just-because gift and she loved it! She almost thought it was real at first and I felt bad when I had to tell her it wasn't. She wears it when the occasion calls for something big, even if it isn't 'real'...  ) It's a great looking ring for the price... I definately recommend it! <end>  Solitaire CZ Promise Band  This is a cute and fun ring. The stone is not too big as to look cheap, and it has stayed relatively unscathed even though my sister (whom I gave it to, since she whined she liked it so much) wears it everyday to work.This ring is a great value if you want to add an little sparkle  ) <end>  Great Ring  It's a great ring. It's not anything high class, but it's certainly a very pretty ring, well worth the price. The service and shipping was excellent, very fast.One word of warning, though. The ring is a size larger than listed. I ordered a size five and it wears like a six. Great ring, but a little big. <end>  pretty ring  I have had this ring for about two months, wash dishes with it on and everything and it still looks as pretty as the day it got here. <end>  Great value  This ring is a great value for the price. The curves look nice and the cz has a nice sparkle. An economical and shiny way to start out a promise. <end>  Not worth it.  I bought it with the highest hopes on it being real and it turned out to be fake. Item listed was said to be real but it turns my girlfriends ring finger green and the ring is bending. She doesn't take it off and on constantly she keeps it on always so a real ring wouldn't bend from just being on a finger nor would it turn a finger green. <end>  Nice ring, Great price!!!  I was hesitant to order this ring at first. I thought it would look cheap because of the price. However, it had only good reviews. So I ordered it for my preteen daughter as a gift. Great service from this company and the ring has great sparkle. I was very pleased! I recommend this ring and Gem Avenue!! <end>  Excellent temporary engagement ring  I used this to propose to my wife so that she could pick out her own wedding ring after we were engaged. It worked perfectly - pretty much everyone who saw it thought that the diamond was real, including my wife. Great buy. <end>  Very Pleased!  My fifteen year old daughter chose this ring herself and I approved it based on it's reviews and the customer ratings of the company, Gem Avenue. It is a lovely fluid band of marked sterling silver with a moderate size cz that is maybe 3/4 carat but set down in an unobtrusive fashion like a channel set. The cz is clear and catches the light with faint sparkles of color at the right angle. It has been worn it for about a week and it still appears new. My daughter absolutely loves it and it does not look out of place on her finger. I find the ring to be dainty but not flimsy, and it was shipped very quickly in a darling, tiny gift box that my daughter was also thrilled with. Add all this together with the VERY reasonable price and I'd say we have a very happy customer. <end>  promise ring  My son wanted a promise ring for his girlfriend and this was perfect. It showed her how he felt and did not cost too much. Arrived only a couple of days after ordering. Very quick supplier. <end>  Beautiful item  As silly as it may sound, I got this ring because I was sick of guys hitting on me at work, and I needed something to show them that says, "See, I'm in a relationship! Now back off!" From the reviews I expected something good, but when I got it in the mail this morning I was really happily surprised. I got compliments all day at work and people kept asking if it was real. The best things about this ring are that it's low profile so it doesn't get stuck on everything, it is comfortable to wear, and it looks real! Only con is that I ordered a size five, I'm always a size 5, and it was just a bit too small. But that's easy enough to get fixed.So all in all, I love the ring, and I suggest it to anyone. <end>  My present from my bf(  I just got this item today and I like it. I liked the look of it and its very cute. The price is very reasonable as well. My bf bought me this when i saw it. Originally he wanted to get me a more expensive promise ring but i told him not to spend that kind of money. And then i saw this ring. At first, my bf didn't like it because of the price. He told me that he wanted to get me a nice ring, that I can always wear it and it will always stay the same. But when the ring arrived, he changed his mind. He told me whatever would look good on me. This is a really nice ring. And i thank my bf for buying it for me. Overall, I think its a really great item and the price is reasonable.( <end>  Very nice ring  This is a very cute ring, looks good, quality is definitely acceptable especially for the price... it serves it's purpose! <end>  ummm!  I am not sure what to say. all the reveiws that i read said that it was a wonderful product! not so much! I am not so impressed. I wore the ring once and it turned my finger green. When i got it I was a little disapointed.. just looking at it I new it was not real. which sucks.I was not impressed at all. i dont think i would tell any one to buy it.g.poundstones wife. <end>  beautiful  nice for everyday wear or just special occassions,reasonable price for such a beautiful ring <end>  cute ring  My daughter chose this ring to be her purity ring when she turned 13. She is thrilled with it and never takes it off! <end>  Nice Ring  This is a nice, small ring. It's very light to wear, but yet is sturdy enough for daily wear. <end>  Beautiful sparkle, dainty ring  I bought this ring just last week as a little pick me up gift, and received it only a few days later. I opened the cute little gift box it came in and gasped its so beautiful! The picture doesnt do it justice. It sparkles in the natural light all colors of the rainbow, and looks even daintier on my hand than i imagined. The Stone is just the right size, and doesnt look fake in any way. I love my purchase! My only suggestion  order one size down, its a bit large on my small finger. Im usually a six but with this company i suppose im actually a five.I highly reccomend this purchase! Couldn't be happier!!! <end>  Very Pretty  It was a very pretty ring... unfortunately I knocked the stone out of it already  -(Shipping was very fast, product was great! Awesome communication.Definitely recommend! <end>  Fabulous bargain!  This ring is lovely, simple and elegant. Very high quality for the price. I bought it for myself just because it was pretty, and received compliments on it the first day I wore it. Arrived within four days. <end>  Great Ring  This ring is fantastic, espessialy for its price! It looks beutiful, feels sturdy, and the diamond looks gorgious! The only flaw i noticed was that it was blemished in certain areas under the light. But from a casual distance, you could pull this off as a wedding band if your super short on cash. Great Ring, would definatly recomend it! <end>  an ok ring for the price  After reading previous reviews, I bought this ring, but I'm a bit disappointed as it doesn't have the quality I needed. There are visible scratch marks on the ring. It is however not too bad for its price. <end>  Good  A good buy for under $10. Shipping is very fast. Worth it if you're a poor college student like me. <end>  I love it!  My boyfriend gave this to me for my birthday and I absolutely love it! It's really pretty and I wear it all the time  ) Really shiny too! <end>
 B000QCI1PS  Style in Grace  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia Embellished Rope Cross Pendant ||	  Style in Grace  Sterling Silver and CZ Diamond Embellished Rope Cross Pendant  A classic design and timeless trend in jewelry fashion, this cross pendant is crafted from Rhodium Plated .925 Sterling Silver. With pave set white cubic zirconia and the intricate craftsmanship of this incredibly stylish pendant will lift your spirits and create an exclusive style for you or someone else. It's a great gift for special occasions and a valuable personal collectable. 18 inch sterling silver box chain. Very pretty. <end>  Happy Customer  I love the silver rope cross pendant. Thank you Peora, for your splendid services.I look forward to doing great business with you in future. <end>
 B000QCIXB0  1928 Bridal Porcelain Rose Clip Earrings ||	  Very Disappointing  The earrings were so tiny I could hardly hold them in my hand, not at all like the picture displayed. Will never order from that company again. <end>  Absolutely Wonderful  These clip-on earrings are fantastic. I just started wearing them a couple of days ago, and I have already gotten tons of compliments. Buy them and you won't be disappointed! <end>  Very pretty  This was a gift and was received with much appreciation. It is difficult to find petite clip-on earrings for my aunt and these were perfect! <end>  Clip on earrings. Pink Rose  My wife loved these. She's needs clip on earrings anyway. She needs some for every day wear. These worked out fine. <end>  Porcelain Clip Earings  I did not like the way the earings looked on me, they were of good quality. It is so difficult to find clip earings... <end>  lovely earrings  i bought these for a friend of mine that does not have pierced ears, they are dainty and very pretty, usually clip earrings are cheap and look it, but these are lovely and worth much more than the price amazon charged, my friend loved them! <end>  Perfect for a young girl  Saw the other review that these were small, and they are on the small side. I have no issues with handling them or helping put them on my daughter. I actually bought these for my young daughter after going through 2 or 3 cheap play clip on earrings for her where the construction was awful. Thought these, while 3x the cost, would last longer. And after about a month, that certainly seems to be likely. My daughter has also learned to put them on by herself. Great buy and they get used all the time. Worth the price. <end>
 B000QCIZ8Q  1928 Jewelry Sapphire and Montana Blue Beaded Bracelet ||	  Casual  This is a simple beaded bracelet. Nice stretch. Casual and young. Dont like tags on such bracelets. Have to be clipped off and afraid of cutting the bracelet. <end>  Gorgeous!!  This bracelet is absolutely beautiful. It goes with everything I have.It's fun yet elegant. I would recommend it to anyone. <end>
 B000QCJ7MO  Sterling Silver Heart Ring, Size 5 ||	  Silver Heart Ring  This ring is lovely. It is a very good size, with very shiny silver.I am delighted with the purchase. <end>
 B000QCK7KK  Duet of Hearts  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia Classic Heart Design Pendant Necklace ||	  my girlfriend loves it.  this is a great necklace for the price. its a good quality, the way the heart sits on the necklace makes sure it will never flip backwards and it moves freely to make sure it wont get caught or help break the chain. the heart is about the size of a quarter. <end>
 B000QCKA7K  M-6 St. Patrick Antiqued Reversible and St. Bridget Pendant Medal 20" Steel Chains ||	  just right  This pendent was just what I was looking for! It was not cheap looking and I wear it daily. It is a better looking pendent than a St. Michael Pendent I bought for more money. This is a steal and I am very happy. <end>
 B000QCKUWK  Antique Style Sterling Silver Filigree .65ct Mozambique Garnet Ring ||	  Perfect Birthday Present  I received this as a birthday present, and it's absolutely gorgeous, even prettier than the picture. The garnet is beautifully cut and the design of the ring is classic and beautiful. <end>  Beautiful!  Found this and had my husband purchase for me for Valentine's day. I love it! My one problem with it is that there is too much antiquing. But, that's just a personal preference. True to size, and for this price, a very lovely ring. I've already had several compliments on it! <end>  very letdown  I am very let down by the quality and appearance of this ring. the garnet is beautiful~ it has wonderful color and light. but the quality of the silver is so dull and lackluster, honestly, it looks like those rings i used to buy as a child that were displayed in foam rubber at the dime store. No matter the quality of the garnet, it looks like a complete fake because the silver around it looks like tin! The detail of the mold is very good, but again, the silver has no glimmer, no weight.I cleaned it with jewelry cleaner and there was no improvement. I am highly disappointed as I love some of the other designs by this vendor. but honestly, i don't even want to wear the ring it looks so awful. <end>  groovy garnet ring!  Recv'd my ring in a timely manner it looks very antique would recommend this ring to any garnet lover! <end>  1 year  I have worn this everyday for a year now and it still looks as good as the day I took it out of the package. Trustworthy vendor as of a year ago. <end>
 B000QCMCH6  Chic and Glamorous  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and CZ Cross Style Pendant ||	  Glamorous  This is a great product, much more glamorous than that seen on the photo. Would recommend anyone who is interested to buy one. I am totally satisfied with the necklace <end>
 B000QCMCLM  Classic Elegance  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish with Cubic Zirconia Journey Curve Pendant Necklace ||	  Exactly as described  This necklace is not very expensive looking, but it isn't terribly expensive to begin with. The description is right on target, and the picture is very accurate. Bought for my aunt, who loved it. <end>
 B000QCMF2I  Saint Christopher Necklace Pendant Medal 15 ||	  Beautiful pendant  I bought this for a friend of mine who was off fighting in the war in the Middle East. It must have worked because he came back without so much as a scratch. <end>  st christopher  Received purchase quickly. Items were exactly what I was looking for and for a fantastic price. <end>
 B000QCOHTW  Dazzling and Stylish  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Cubic Zirconia Teardrop Double Pendant ||	  The Rhodium plating came off after 1 year  I wish the piece would have stayed shiny longer than 9 months. After that, the Rhodium plating began peeling off. Of course the company that sells the necklace doesn't offer any type of warranty. They told me to take it to a jeweler to have it re-Rhodiumed... Yea, like that'll cost less than the money I paid for the necklace.It was beautiful while it lasted. <end>
 B000QCP53E  Vintage Style Sterling Silver Filigree .50ct London Blue Topaz Ring (Sz 6.5) ||	  Picture looks better than the actual product  I ordered this because I loved the color and design. The actual stone is an aqua color, not smoky blue. The design is lovely. I am going to keep it because the cut on the stone is very nice and it's a fun ring. But if you order one of these, realize it may no look at all like the picture. <end>  Dainty, Delicate, & Feminine  I'm crazy about London Blue topaz & sterling jewelry, but even CRAZIER about Edwardian-era jewelry! I requested this ring as a b-day gift & it just came in today. I was a little worried based on the previous review that my London Blue topaz would be too light, but I must say, my stone is the rich, dark, cornflower blue that it's supposed to be. Also, the ring size that we ordered appears to be the size that arrived, & it seems to be very well-made in general. The only reason that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 is because the whole setting is just a little smaller than I had imagined it would be. But in keeping with true Edwardian fashion (& since this ring was cast from original Edwardian molds supposedly), it's as dainty & delicate as it should be. The filigree & detail work on this ring is extrodinary, & the sterling silver makes the color of the London Blue topaz really pop. If you like vintage jewelry, this is a great way to go. <end>  Beautiful  This ring doesn't look exactly like the picture, as mentioned by other reviewers. The stone is a brighter London blue topaz than it appears in the photo, which appeals to me. The setting is small and delicate. The width of the band is narrow, but the bottom of the shank seems thick enough to resist minor everyday wear as long as you don't bash your jewelry around too much. The silver is bright and shiny, not semi-antiqued like it looks in the photo. These things do not detract from my enjoyment of this ring, however. It is quite lovely in person. <end>  Gorgeous!  This ring is gorgeous! I love love love it! I have incredibly tiny hands so I have to have a small delicate looking rings so they don't look too big (I wear a size 5). The stone is a little bit of a brighter blue than in the picture, but it is a lovely color. I would recommend this ring to anyone that has small hands. Oh and to be so tiny it sure is durable! I am going to try to upload a picture... <end>
 B000QCXV3U  Boma Green Turquoise & Abalone Ring (size  8) ||	  this ring is gorgeous  and unique, just like my bff. i got this for her bday and she loved it! arrived on time as well. <end>
 B000QDR9AA  Sterling Silver Celtic Knot and Genuine Blue Topaz Pear Drop Pendant with 16" Cable Chain Necklace ||	  Disapointed  I think the pendant is absolutely beautiful but I also agree that is does not sit properly on the neck because of the large back on it for the chain. If that was made smaller it would look better. Unfortunate that a simple design flaw can ruin the entire thing. <end>  Not happy...  I bought this charm for myself cause it's my birthstone but when I recieved it I was not happy with the way it is made. It doesn't sit flat on your chest, no matter what chain you put it on. It's very small and I don't think the color is very good. I NEVER wear it! <end>  Poorly designed  There is no way this pendant will lay properly due to the poor design. I'm not thrilled with the color of the stone, either, but could overlook that if the pendant would lay flat as it appears in the illustration. <end>  Dosn't lay right  I agree with the other reviewers. Pretty necklace, but the designed is flawed. The necklace never sits right on your neck which unfortunately makes it look really bad. <end>  Poor Quality!  The loop that connects this pendant to the chain is so big that the pendant will not lay flat, it keeps flipping over. I took it to a jeweler who said they had never seen anything crafted with such a poor design! Such a beautiful necklace, it was to match earrings I gave to my sister. Now they won't even take it back because it was a Christmas gift, but I bought it so early that I wasn't able to return it within the 30 days required. What a HUGE waste of money! <end>  Not at all like the picture  The celtic knot on the pendant is not as delicate as it looks in the picture, it's more pointy and skinny and I prefer the one in the picture better. The pendant itself doesn't lay flat at all due to an over-sized loop on the back of the product. Everything comes off as rather cheap and not worth the cost at all. Don't be fooled by the picture! (However, the topaz is lovely and catches the light.)Edit  I snipped half of the loop on the back with a nail clipper and flattened it- now it works fine. A more delicate chain would suit the necklace better but at least now the necklace is wearable. <end>  Celtic Knot and Topaz Pendant  This pendant is well made and is large enough that is shows up well when worn. I do think a more delicate, thinner chain would be better with this pendant. In fact, I switched out the chain with one from another necklace. I bought this as part of the set with the bracelet and earrings. It is a nice gift for yourself or others. <end>  GREAT NECKLACE  I GAVE THIS NECKLACE TO MY WIFE FOR HER BIRTHDAY. SHE IS VERY PLEASED WITH THE QUALITY AND BRIGHT COLOR. <end>  The charm is beautiful but won't lie flat....  This charm is meant for some other application---it does not work on th chain it comes with....but it is beautiful. If I find out HOW it can be used, I'll update my review. Some people have suggested it's a belly button ring charm, a pearl enhancer---but I don't know how it would clip on or a charm for a torque. <end>
 B000QDU3GM  Stunning Elegance  Sterling Silver Rhodium Finish and Gray Cultured Pearl Swirl Pendant Necklace with Cubic Zirconia ||	  Disappointing  I ordered this on seeing the image. It looked quite attractive given its sleek design for everyday use. But i was pretty surprised when i received this. The pendant is unusually small and the chain isn't long enough.Not worthy enough of its given price. <end>  Beautiful!!!  This necklace is absolutely gorgeous! My mom loved it and it looks like something that would be sold in a big name jewelry store! It's a perfect gift for anyone. <end>  Just what I expected  The necklace arrived on time, is nice quality and exactly what I expected. "No surprises" are nice when buying on-line! <end>
 B000QF7KDY  Pink Floral Ring by David Sigal, Size 10 ||	  Gorgeous!  I bought it for myself, but turned out it was too big for me. I loved it so much that instead of returning gave it to my sister as a present and she adores it too. Perfect ring to wear with summer dresses. <end>
 B000QFML9M  Guinness Beer Cufflinks by Cuff-Daddy ||	  Never got to wear them  Was excited to get these in the mail in time for St. Patty's day. Went to put them on and one of them snapped off of the clasp. Only reason that I am giving the 2nd star is because the return/refund process was so smooth. <end>  Cute novelty item  I bought these for my son, who loves Guiness. He likes wearing them as a 'conversation starter'. They were cute, seem to stand up well and people love them! <end>
 B000QG33VQ  Tsubasa  Sakura's Feather Anime Necklace ||	  Too fake-looking  I should have realized this was made for cosplay. I got it for my sister, who's as much of a Tsubasa fan as I am, hoping she could wear it with a nice outfit as a pretty necklace. The fact that it's plastic doesn't really bother me (you can't tell by looking), but it's way too big to wear as a normal piece of jewelry. It's basically just for wearing to anime cons to meet other Tsubasa fans. I wouldn't recommend it for everyday wear or special occasions. <end>  its plastic  It's plastic, so if that doesn't bother you at all, then it's an OK necklace. The feather itself was larger than I expected, and the shade of pink made it seem overly childish. I origionally bought it for myself, but I ended up giving it to my daughter because I thought it was going to be pewter at least, and I dont like wearing plastic. <end>  Very Cool  I bought this and am very happy with it. The feather sits flat and the pink doesn't wear off. The chain is normal, but it is a fan item, the chain is never going to be fancy. I often take it off it's chain and put it onto a nice one to wear. I think this is a good buy for any TRC lovers. <end>
 B000QG5R6U  Sterling Silver Marquise Shaped Aqua Marine Cubic Zirconia with Celtic Endless Knot Design Polished Finish 2mm Band Ring Size 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 ||	  Beautiful  Beautiful ring for the money. My 15 year old daughter loves it. It does not turn her finger green like other fashion rings she's worn. <end>  Love the ring!!!  I love the ring. It's as beautiful as it looks and was delivered timely. Thanks. <end>  Beautiful  )  The stone is set very well ~ the light shows through it.The color is more of a Ice/Baby Blue than Aqua.I LOVE it~!  ) <end>  Gorgeous but more blue than picture...  This ring came before the estimated date, in excellent condition. Fits nicely. Only thing is that it's more of a light blue than aqua, no green in it. But it's still lovely. <end>  Love It  An Amazing ring, I recieved it on time. The size was smaller but the company Handled it very well <end>  Ring  I enjoy this ring very much. I bought it because of the style and the color, and I alxo did not wish to put out a lot of money on a ring I was not sure how often I would actually wear that often. It was on sale and the price was very good so I got it and have not taken it off since it arrived. <end>  Pretty  I thought that the ring color was pretty. It is not an expensive ring but is nice for the price. <end>  Pretty  I purchased this for my daughter's birthday last wk & it was prettier than I expected. She absolutely loved in. No problems (so far) & hopefully there will be none  ) <end>  Pretty, But cheaply made.  The rings is very cheap feeling. The "stone" feels like and looks it's plastic (I think it really is plastic). I'll wear it but it feels like it is so light and flimsy that it'll break after awhile. Would not recommend this item, But the shipping was super fast. <end>  Very pretty ring!!!  I bought this ring for my young daughter who is 5, she loves the ring and won't take it off. It fits her hand perfectly. Pretty ring...would recommend... <end>  Worth ordering!  I ordered two of these for my teenage daughters for Christmas. They are beautiful and have not tarnished. They still look like new. The stones sparkle! Great value!! <end>  Not Aqua but Blue  Which is exactly what I was hoping for, so it was okay for me. Having read the other reviews, I got this ring hoping it would be as blue as they said. They were right, and I absolutely love it, but it would be a very good idea for Gem Avenue to change their description. <end>  You get what you pay for  Its just ok. The gem stone is plastic and I was disappointed about that. I didn't wear it for long. <end>  Vert pretty ring!  This is a very pretty ring! The stone is smaller than I expected (Looks a bit larger in photo) but only a tiny bit, so it isn't a problem at all. The color is as shown. The ring is sturdy while still being delicate and the knot detail is very nice. It arrived in an adorable gift box, too. It will make a lovely Christmas gift for my daughter. I am very happy with this ring & the moment I opened the box knew I had selected the perfect gift. I am so happy with it that I will be ordering a second ring. <end>  Cute Ring  This is a really cute ring but very tiny. I gave it to my sister as a gift and she loved it! <end>  Silver Celtic Knot Marquise Ring  The ring is pretty and fits perfectly. Service was quick and professional and I would definitely recommend this ring and this merchant.However, the stone is more blue than aqua, which is a little disappointing since I chose which ring to purchase by stone colour and not by design; the blue is still very pretty, though.The description also doesn't specify that the setting for the stone sits higher (stone is in a raised channel setting) than the celtic knots which may make it easier for the stone to get scratched.All in all, it's a very pretty ring and I would recommend it. <end>  lovely detail  This ring was even prettier than the picture shows! The lines are beautiful and I am very pleased. It also shipped very quickly and arrived in an adorable box. <end>  beautifully crafted ring  This ring is absolutely beautiful. The price was right and the ring was presented in a gorgeous little gift box.The order came on time. Would give this ring a thumbs up! <end>  Beautiful ring  I ordered this as a 'pinkie ring', and it looks wonderful! The marquise cut is lovely, the stone gleams, and I love it! The Celtic knot on either side sets the stone perfectly. <end>  great ring  its a good sized ring. its a little small but is really nice. it fits perfectly and it looks exactly as advertised. <end>  Beautiful Ring  This is my first purchase from Gem Avenue. The aqua cubic zirconia ring is a great ring. The size fit perfectly. Other places I have purchased rings, the size was always too big for me. This one really fits me great. The stone is somewhat lighter in color than what it appears in the description. Even so, the ring still shines and I love it. The price was especially great, too. You can't go wrong in this purchased item. <end>  Good buy for the price  I was happily surprised with the quality of this ring. If you don't care about the stone being precious it looks very nice. Looks very nice on long fingers due to the marquise cut. <end>  gift for daughter  I got this ring as a 13th b-day gift for my daughter. She picked it out herself, and loves it. It seems to be well made for the price. tip...get your finger sized somewhere before you order, less returns that way. anyway...nice ring thank you. <end>
 B000QGUFI0  Sterling Silver Free-Form Green Fluorite Adjustable Ring by Sajen, Size 6 ||	  Very cute ring  The stone does not look much like the picture (the stone is more translucent), but the ring is still very nice. Worthwhile if you catch it on sale. <end>
 B000QGVQYW  Sterling Silver Scroll Design Lapis Ring by Sajen, Size 8 ||	  Nice but not as nice as other Sajen rings  A while ago I got the "Sterling Silver Garnet Ring by Sajen" for one of my friends. That ring is beautiful and very similiar to this one. However when I got this one for one of my other friends, although it is a nice ring, in my opinion it is not as nice as the first one I bought. For one, the scroll design does not go all the way around (I thought it would), and at least on the one I received, the stone and setting is a little malformed (not a nice rectangle).Overall it is still a very nice piece. The recipient of the ring loved it. I would go for the Garnet version first though if you don't already have it. A plus with both these rings is that the back is open so it is adjustable. <end>
 B000QV32QM  Certified Genuine Honey Amber and Sterling Silver Celtic Oval Earrings ||	  Beautiful  A lot of times you see something that looks great online and when you recieve it.. it's not so great. These are beautiful and look just like they do online. The only reason I give them 4 instead of 5 stars is I find the latch on the hook really hard to open and close without looking in the mirror. <end>  Earrings  I received the earrings in a very timely manner and they were exactly as I had hoped. <end>  Many compliments  I have multiple sets of amber earrings from this company. All beautiful and striking. I always get compliments. On this particular set however I had to adjust the wires a bit so they would hang straight. ( which was not a problem at all for me) Great price, beautiful jewelry. <end>
 B000QY48GM  10mm Wide Mens Titanium Winged Dragon Band Ring(Sizes 8,9,10,11,12,13) ||	  Great  I ordered this as an engagement ring for my fiance. He loves it so much we bought another titanium ring for the wedding.Warning, the titanium will scratch and the dragon will fade a bit, but we think the look is very nice and aged. <end>
 B000RARASI  Rhodium Plated Sterling Silver Baguette Ring with 6mm Center CZ ||	  Very Nice!  I am very impressed with this ring. It is everything i hoped it would be and my wife loves having it to wear when needed. You will be happy with this purchase. <end>
 B000RE3JL6  Titanium New Matte Finish Mens Magnetic Bracelet 8 inch ||	  magnetic bracelet  My husband has worn the bracelet every day since receiving it, and it looks great. The finish is excellent,and looks robust enough to stay looking good for the time to come.I would reccomend this sylish product to anyone who likes to be practical with their jewellry. To me it looks as good as any gold or silver link piece, and just as durable. <end>  Nicely made bracelet  This bracelet is very nicely built and looks very good comparing to the copper clad bracelet that i bought last year . It is light and weld built. It is also much lighter than the copper and stainless steel bracelets that i own. Does it help to relieve my joint pain? Absolute yes. Since i wear the copper bracelet and now this titanium bracelet, my pain have drastically reduced. I have stopped taking the pain medication for over 18 months now. I hope it will help others also. <end>  Handsome Bracelet  A good looking piece and it has magnets in every link. It was, however, too big. I had a jeweler remove 3 links to get it to fit properly. Does it improve my health? I don't know and I'm sure my doctor would say it is worthless. But I think it does something good, so I'll continue to wear it...except to the doctor's office. <end>
 B000ROI04M  I Am My Beloved's Stainless Steel Poesy Ring ||	  Promising Ring  My partner loved those ring while I am out of state for higher education. Only the black ink faded out but still read the engraved every words! This is recommendation to everyone!!! <end>  love the ring  This is one of the prettiest rings I have bought. It is high quality. The words on the inside of band are georgous.I would highly reccommand this ring to everyone. I absolutly love it... Definately worth the money.... <end>  Beautiful  I love it. It's very solid and pretty. More than worth the price. The black ink comes off very quickly, but it looks classier and more "grown-up" that way. A great investment for your significant other  ) <end>  Girlfriend Loved It  I thought this was a great item. Cheap and did it's job. Gave it to my girlfriend of 2-3months for Christmas and she loved it. I was her first love and she'll probably keep it forever. Also, acted as a nice wedding ring substitute for guys trying to talk to her randomly. <end>  "I am my beloved's" ring review  Absolutely wonderful! An 'above and beyond' product approval. Received it quick, looked splendid, packaged wonderfully. Above my expectations (which were already rather high). <end>  Purity Ring  The ring is beautiful and is of excellent quality and value. While the black paint on the inside has already worn off, our daughter still loves it, and it actually looks almost nicer without it. She received the ring as a gift and rarely takes it off. We are very satisfied with this item and look forward to ordering more jewellery from this seller. <end>  Simple Pretty Ring  This ring is lovely and feels great on your finger. My only comment is that the black ink peels off over time. I think I looks nicer though so it isn't a major concern. Just be prepared for it  ) <end>  I LOVE THIS RING  I bought this ring to wear on my right hand. I love wearing this ring as a constant reminder of my beloved. The black filling in the engraving did come out after about a week, but I actually prefer the way that it looks without the paint filling. This is one of my favorite pieces of jewelry. <end>  Solid.  I have never owned a stainless steel piece of jewelry before, but after considering that my forks and spoons still look shiny after years of usage, well, seemed like this ring would be a great. Right?Absolutely.It's beautiful. The ring itself is crafted very thick and solid. The engraving is gorgeous, and even nicer once the black paint came out. It looks so much more expensive than what it the cost is. <end>  daily reminder  the ring is beautiful. my boyfriend and are both christians and bought them for our 2 year anniversary as promise rings. they're daily reminders of our love and loyalty. the black filling does eventually come off but it looks better without it. <end>  Beauty in its simplicity  This ring is perfect for those who wish to express their feelings without being over-the-top or in your face. It is a simple silver band with the engraved message on the inside. The only drawback for me is that I wish I could get it for my current girlfriend, but I'd feel weird seeing as my ex bought her and I matching rings in this style.Still, it is a durable ring that will endure any sort of bang ups (I know cuz I lead a busy, rough life), and still remain a lasting reminder of your love for you other. <end>  "I Am My Beloved's" Ring  I've always been a fan of simple stainless steal rings, and this one is one of my favorites. It's incredibly shiny and smooth, and feels great on my finger. I wear mine as a thumb ring, and it's just beautiful. The inscription inside is very delicate and looks great when I take it off and look at the words- it always makes me smile, and remember to be happy  -) I'm very satisfied with this ring, and is one of my favorite rings.The only thing I'll say, is in the pictures, it looks as if the sides of the ring are totally rounded. They're not. It's flat and more of a square with a rounded top edge, so from the top it looks rounded, but it's actually thicker and flat on the sides. Not a big deal, but if you're expecting a thin ring with rounded sides, keep in mind this one is a little flatter on the sides, which may give it a more masculine appearance in some people's opinion. It's still a beautiful ring though, and I've gotten several compliments on it already  -)UPDATE  I've had this ring for a while now, and as others have said, the black stuff in the inscription came off, and it does look sooooo much better. It looks very expensive and much more dainty and pretty  -) It's still not very scratched (it has a few very small, light scratches that I can't see unless I really look for them), but I am very hard on my hands, so that's pretty impressive, that is still looks so great. I'm still very pleased with this ring, and it's for sure one of my favorite rings, and I wear it every day  -) <end>  love this ring!  I had been looking for just the right ring and I am so happy with this one. <end>  Shiny  I got these for me and my partner and we're very happy with them. My partner has received comments with how shiny and pretty it is. The only drawback is the black lettering on the inside comes off but maybe it's meant to. It still looks really nice without the black lettering. I received them really fast too. <end>  Nice gift  Quick review here. The black writing on the ring will fade pretty quickly, though I agree with everyone elses comments in that it looks better once it has faded. Overall I am very happy with it, its plain but thats something I like about it. <end>  Romantic!  This is one of my most favorite rings! I was having problems wearing silver, because of the nickel in it. I bought this stainless steel ring & have no problems! It stays shiny & looks like 'REAL' platinum! I bought one for me & one for my husband...he LOVES his too! Very romantic to be able to read 'I Am My Beloved's...throughout the day  ) <end>
 B000TAAOK2  1.5mm CZ Rhodium Plated Tennis Bracelet 7 Inch ||	  Poorly made  I was looking for a dainty, CZ bracelet that looked real. Didn't want one that was too large, hence, obviously fake looking as I'm getting out of my Toyota minivan and not my Mercedes   ) I had a bracelet a few years ago (lost--so upset!) that had a CZ carat weight that was very small, quality of bracelet was excellent, and it passed for real without being ostentatious. I thought this bracelet fit the bill. After receiving bracelet in the mail and opening the box, I was very disappointed. It alternates between bezel set and prong set. The bezel set CZ's looked nice, but the prong set CZ's were a mess  Some of the prongs were opened (CZ's eventually going to falling out), some too smooshed in, and some bent sideways. The weight was extremely light, yes, it is a small bracelet, but it was featherweight. The coloring of the metal was very, very, white, hence, very, very fake. I would value this bracelet at maybe $12.99. It is similar to a piece of costume jewelry you would see on a counter display at Target or some other inexpensive retail store. I can't believe this bracelet originally retailed for $75., then was reduced to final price (what I paid for it) of $50.I am in the process of returning it. Stinks that I now have to pay to insure this piece of junk and pay for shipping to send it back, Very disappointed and do not recommend this bracelet for what they are asking for it--way overpriced!!! <end>
 B000TAAOQQ  Fine Pave CZ Bangle ||	  Beautiful Bracelet  I ordered this bracelet a while back and love it. It looks like the real thing and sparkles all the way around. Cleans up well in dish soap and water and never fails to get comments. It's a WOW! <end>
 B000U1W9C6  Amazon.com  Juicy Couture New Pave Heart Stud Crystal Earrings  Clothing ||	  Juicy Couture earrings  Super smooth transaction! Earrings were shipped fast and arrived just as promised. I would most certainly do business again with this seller. Thanks! Oh, and by the way my daughter loved them! <end>
